==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 4 ====

Segment 4 - Tangible Manifestation

[00:00:02] I call it tangible manifestation because I felt like manifestation is somehow used in a way that's like a dream or a fantasy, and it occurred to me that when you build a brand, and then you develop a product of value, and then you work out how much that costs with a margin, and then you're an equal exchange of value, then really it just comes down to now moving through this very tangible manifestation of how do I sell that? How many am I gonna sell, how much am I gonna sell it for, and how do I feel about it? So let's hold that idea in our minds through this segment. I asked you to think about what a Thrive budget looks like and what the timeline to it would be. So when you're broke and you need to address your guilt and shame, you've got to address the emotion first.

[00:00:56] You can't create a Thrive budget, until you get through the emotion of the survive budget and everything it means to you, why you're there, who's helping you, who's not helping you. Did you know when somebody helps you with money, you instantly become disempowered? Because somebody else takes control of the money. So if you help people with money, you're controlling other people with money, and you think you're not, but you are. And when you give somebody money and you don't teach them how to fish for themselves, they don't eat, they eat your fish, and then they come back and they want more fish, and you get resentful that they can't fish on their own, and you never taught them to.

[00:01:37] Most people never teach their children how to make money. Because they simply give them money and control it. And what you do is you disempower people, spend time with your Thrive budget, be specific when I wrote my very first thrive budget, I was earning about, well, $4000 a month, and I needed to earn 6 to 8. In fact, I said 6 was my Thrive number, but the truth was didn't take me long to work out the 8 was my Thrive number, and that I needed significantly more in my life. So how do I create a timeline to the Thrive budget?

[00:02:17] Well, before you can create a timeline, you gotta see it. You've got to walk the multiverse, write out your Thrive budget, ask yourself, do I really want all of this money? Where is it gonna go? What am I gonna do with it? How will I use it?

[00:02:30] How will I empower it? Am I connected to it? Yes, I am. I want a house, then keep asking for more so that you can direct it to your house. Now you've created a timeline.

[00:02:42] Oh, I'm gonna talk about this, and I'm gonna talk about it all tomorrow as well, because this is how we take action So until you can tell me what your survival number is, and then look me in the eye and tell me what your Thrive budget is, and then tell me with value, everything that's on that Thrive budget, you won't get there, but if you focus on that, you will Will it take 8 weeks? That depends on how big your timeline is to it. Some people have further to walk, some people have to do more emotional work. When you're in alignment, with your brand, you love your brand, you love your products, money's good, your price is good, your value is there, that's when you start taking action. That's when you start selling.

[00:03:31] When you're in that alignment, if you're not selling, you're out of alignment in one of those areas. You either don't believe in the value, you don't believe in the price, you have guilt and shame, so you're not asking for more to god I don't just mean to your clients, you're not asking for more. Number 1, you have to have clarity for who you are. Okay? Who am I?

[00:03:55] What do I do? Who for? Get clarity? Get connection? What do I do value?

[00:04:00] Who do I do it for? You've got it. You've built the brand. You've created the product. Now we've got to sell it.

[00:04:07] The more alignment you're in, the faster it sells. Now if you truly have ticked your brand box, you've ticked your product boxes, you've ticked your money box, now you've ticked your equal exchange, you know what your value is, then you can go to the create a calculator and work out how to create a $1,000,000. Because it's that simple. You've got the brand. You've got the product.

[00:04:35] If your timeline is to make a $1,000,000 over the next 10 years, then you need to choose and look at what your product, where it matches on this create, I call it the creator product calculator, because I'm like, what sort of product do you wanna create? You wanna create a $10 template? Cool. That template will make you money, made her $18,000, and she forgot about it. Didn't even market it to sat there making money while she slept.

[00:05:05] If you wanna sell a $10,000 product to a hundred people, there's a path to a $1,000,000. In businesses, that's simple, because that's units. I'm talking about you sell a $10 product, or monthly people pay that, You sell it to that many people, and the result is a $1,000,000. So why do we spend all of this time thinking about our trajectory to wealth? Spending all this time, and am I good enough?

[00:05:36] And and holding myself back, if that's the path you want to make a $1,000,000, choose your adventure. You already have a connected brand, a connected product, you know your value, you know your change, what's stopping you now from creating the path and the timeline to it. When I make something I love, I don't say, I hope it sells. I use it. I show it.

[00:06:09] I share it. I beta test it with people. I give it away. I develop it further. I make it better until people ask me for it.

[00:06:20] I'm the service provider. You're not being chosen. Personal brands think they're being chosen. You provide a service with a cost and a price on it, and you're asking for equal exchange of value. It's simple, take that emotion and that guilt and shame out, and you can ask for more.

[00:06:40] So when I create a product, and I know it's good, and I do show it and share it, and I beta test it, and I develop it, and I keep doing that until people ask me for it, Then I go to the calculator, the creator's calculator, I price it, and I set the timeline to it. Yes, I do. It's intention and focus and then my emotion, of course, is excited every day, because I'm not ashamed of

[00:07:09] what I'm trying to sell. There is a

[00:07:09] Reddit thread about me that I found last month, You know, the rule of being on a broadcast

[00:07:22] is if you say it out loud, it's now evergreen. And somebody wrote, suprise is,

[00:07:22] has ruined my life. And so I read it, because I thought, oh, I'm betting it and, you know, see if I ruined this dude's life. Apparently, I told his fiancee when she was building her business that she was worth more, and he didn't believe that. So he thinks they've brainwashed her, and turns out now they've separated. Somebody wrote, Sue Price is a cancer.

[00:07:51] And I was like, oh, harsh. None of this is true for me, so I'm okay with it. It's only hurts when it's true for you. Underneath that comment, A guy wrote. Cancers a bit harsh.

[00:08:05] She's like the Gwyneth Paltrow of the photo world. So obviously Gwyneth Paltrow thinks she's valuable and has goop, which is worth a lot of money, and somehow these people are saying, how dare she think she's so valuable? How dare she?

[00:08:21] And I think it's funny because

[00:08:21] it's not true for me. When you meet me, you suddenly realize that you wanna be more valuable in your life and you start to act that way and charge that way and become that way, and you will receive more in equal exchange of the value you believe your worth. Amen. Full sentence. 2012, I did my very first live broadcast to the world on creative life.

[00:08:53] I created a goal from money. Why do I create a goal from money? Cause money is just numbers, it's not a motion, So when I sat down, I found out all the creative live classes, the big ones, were making a $100,000 in sales. And when Craig interviewed me, he booked me to be on, he said, do you have any goals around money? I said yes, I want to be the 1st 500,000.

[00:09:16] I said yes, 100,000. And he was like, in commission, and I said yes, which means I had to sell 500,000 to get that. 25 20%. So he looked at me and he goes, I clearly just set a goal that all the other workshops were doing a 100,000, but I was lucky because I came into this game with a whole lot of workshops ahead of me, so I looked at what they all did, right? And I looked at what they all did wrong, and I did more of what they did right, less of what they did wrong.

[00:09:49] And on the Sunday, 3rd day of my workshop, I crossed $500,000, and that workshop is now at $2,000,000. The content was 2 years experience of me teaching this workshop in person. I'd been around the world teaching it. I taught this workshop 23 times. It was so good.

[00:10:09] I also had 20 years experience, you know, as a photographer, and at that time, 2010, I had been self employed for 10 years, so I had a lot of experience to give. My intention when I put that out there was to show people how they can make money, and why how I make money and why I love doing it so that you could do the same. That was my heart and soul's intention when I set that workshop. So Craig looked at me and he was like, okay, well, it's he said it's good to have tangible goals I said, okay, I'm gonna take it one step further. I looked at him, and I said, I've already seen it.

[00:10:53] And he said, okay. You're going to walk downstairs on day 3, and I'm gonna be on set, and you're gonna look at me, and I'm gonna know I've already hit that number. That's a bold thing to say to the owner of Creative Life, but I said it, because I believed it, because I walked the multiverse, and I worked out what it is that lit me up the most, and it was teaching that workshop. So I went in there knowing that I was going on that platform at my fullest value. And when Craig walked onto the set in the 3rd segment of my 3rd day and looked at me like this, I was teaching, and I looked at him, and I knew I had hit the number that I told him I was going to hit.

[00:11:41] This, my friends, is tangible manifestation. You want to know how I did it. You know, when Craig actually said that Craig and I talk about this a lot, because I've done this multiple times with every other workshop I've ever done, and platform I've set a money goal and I've hit it. And Craig knew in that moment what I knew, and he knew in that moment that I was focused on one thing no more and no less and that's what I asked for. That's what I focused on.

[00:12:11] I infused it with that value in alignment. I bought the value to it. I priced it. I knew people would want it. I filled it with more value and more value and more value and I hit my goal every single time.

[00:12:28] When they asked me how, I said I created a product that I knew you were gonna sell for a $199 that five thousand people needed I knew that when I did it because I needed that product. I needed somebody to teach me that when I was starting out, and if I get to teach the one thing, I got to a $1,000,000 without anybody helping me a I could teach people that I can get them there way faster. I matched the price, to the content, to the product, to the timeline. Was I in the right place or the right time, or did I manifest that? Ask Craig.

[00:13:06] He'll tell you something real different, because this ballsy chick from New Zealand walked in and said, I'm not gonna I'm not just gonna outsell all your other instructors by, oh, five times, I'm gonna get paid the most out. Or I walked in there with that kind of connection and confidence because I had lived in a business where I was giving everything away to other people, and this was for me. All of it was for me. The product was for me. The purpose was for me And for the first time in my life, I stood up there and I gave with everything I've got, and I won, and it worked 100% no more and no less fact, incredible fact this workshop 28 days, sold $5,500,000.

[00:13:51] That means 28,000 people bought that workshop. When I created my first platform, because I had so much content spilling out of me, and I wanted to keep giving to those 28,000 people, I put 28,000 people through that online platform, the same amount of people that bought my workshop in 2012 and 13 came to my platform, the same number not one more, not one less. This little piece of paper that you're seeing is the projection that I wrote for that platform in 2015 when I first did the outline to manifest and create all of it. Have a look at that I was charging $25 a month for a subscription. That's how much I'm gonna earn a month if I have a thousand people.

[00:14:38] That's how much I'm gonna earn a month if I have 10,000 people. Guess what? My business never that business platform never went over 10,000. Do you see a projection for 15,000 people? Do you see a projection for 28,000 people?

[00:14:56] No more and no less. Even though 28,000 people went through that platform, there was never more than 10,000 at one given time. Exactly what I projected. Exactly what I asked for. I never even thought to do a bigger projection than that.

[00:15:15] How could I imagine that 10,000 photographers would wanna be with me, even though 28,000 of the majority bought my class and 28,000 came, but never more than 10 Did I manifest that? Yes. No more and no less than what I asked for. I didn't have the growth team yet, so this was a huge projection for me, just me and my solo business with a part time assistant, Caitlyn, it was just my solo brand. I reached $1,000,000 in income in 2015 on my own.

[00:15:52] And that was the limit to my projection there was no further timeline to grow anymore, and you stay exactly the timeline that

[00:16:01] you project. I want you to see

[00:16:01] the limit in this. The limit is this, I projected that this platform would have 10,000 people in it, never went over 10,000, even though all those people came, it was constantly no more and no less. And that's why when you set what you want in life in the versus when you set what you want, you have to put it out there clearly because that's how you create this Thrive number. Now if you only focus on your Thrive number, I struggle with $5000 a month, but I want 8. If I want 8 right, How do I create a timeline to the Thrive number I want?

[00:16:42] And first of all, it has to be so enticing that Thrive number that you want to create it for yourself. Cause in that Thrive number is everything you get to Thrive. Your career thrives, you thrive, your children thrive, your family, your house, everything starts thriving because when you go up in value, everything increases in value. Do I manifest these numbers? How am I so accurate?

[00:17:11] It's the no more and no less. That's what I focus on. I get it because I set the intention for it. I fill it with value I'm connected to it, and I follow through with focus every single day I focus on those numbers. When you stop focusing on your survive number and start focusing on your Thrive number, and you are not to focus on your Thrive number like this.

[00:17:38] If I had $8000, I wouldn't be able to do this. That's uning. You don't have your Thrive number. We know that. Get up.

[00:17:47] Get off and say, What do I really want with that thrive money? What do I really want to create in my life that I'm not creating? What do I want to give myself that I'm not giving myself? What do I really want that I'm not getting right now and you'll be so shocked by what you actually put on that Thrive number. And then once you see it, you're gonna say, I want that, I want that income, and no more, and no less, and you will get that income.

[00:18:14] No more and no less. It's not set in stone. It's just set to your desire, and then I hyper focus on creating a timeline to it, creating a timeline to it, creating a timeline to it. I don't spend my time going, but I don't have that, because I don't focus on what I don't have. I attract more of that.

[00:18:37] So 2009 and moved to Australia I had $52,000 in the bank. When I got there, a year later I had $5, I failed. What is failure? What is failure? I didn't fail.

[00:18:53] I just spent all my money. I felt like I'd failed. I also realized it's because I went back to doing what I didn't wanna do, instead of what I wanted. So I was focused on just being safe and knowing I can do this, but hating it. So no money.

[00:19:10] So my money just bottomed out, and I got to 0, and then I think I had this full awakening. I got down to that $5. I didn't know how I was gonna eat, and I railed it god. I screamed at the universe. I sat there in pain.

[00:19:29] I don't even have money for the week, but I don't know how I got here. My business was making a 1,000,000, and I went out of my own. And and all of a sudden I was tanking and I'm screaming. I'm even standing on the bed at one point. I'm bawling.

[00:19:45] I'm like, why can't I make this work? And I was rocking back and forth, and this little voice just said, you're not doing it. You're not doing it?

[00:19:59] And I was like, What? You're not doing it. Yeah. That music I am. I'm here.

[00:19:59] I'm gonna

[00:19:59] you're not doing it. You're saying it? You're thinking about it? You think you're asking for it? You're not doing it.

[00:20:19] You're not doing the things you want. You're saying it, wanting it, yearning for it, but the creation of your identity is in the action, not in the vision. I had all this vision about what I wanted to become, and my vision was so clear, I could see it I could feel it. Nobody else seemed to be able to work it out, because I wasn't doing it. I was so stuck in my creative vision.

[00:20:43] I wasn't taking the steps, the action. I was just spending all this time creating this vision of what I wanted. And, honestly, when I went to the mirror, the person I saw then wasn't the person in my vision. I should have known this timeline was further ahead. You've gotta bring the timeline closer to you now.

[00:21:08] You've gotta take the steps you can take now to get to the next step, to the next step. You're not just gonna go, oh, and then I blew up and I was famous. No. That's not how it happens. When I started to do it, you know, that day, I railed, I railed, I railed, and I at one point, I'm staying in an apartment with somebody above and somebody below, and so I wonder if somebody heard me yell up.

[00:21:30] I will leave and you will catch me. I I was very dramatic whilst I was screaming and saying, I'm gonna take a leap and you're gonna catch me. I got a phone call from Canon Australia to book me as a speaker, and I missed the call. So I was like, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do what I say I'm gonna do.

[00:21:53] I'm not gonna be afraid anymore. I'm not gonna be afraid anymore. Look at my phone. It's like, message. And I was like, oh, says like, oh, we'd really like you to be a speaker, and I was like, That was quick.

[00:22:07] Dude, the universe is always providing. God is always providing for you. You're the one saying no. You're the one not connected. You're the one without a clear plan or a clear path.

[00:22:17] Here I am standing there, screaming. I will leave and you will catch me. Missed call from

[00:22:28] Canon that changed my life.

[00:22:28] Oh my god. I think about that. I was talking the talk, but I wasn't walking the walk. I had to change everything about what I was doing, what I was saying, what I was asking for, I didn't have a clear path, just a whole lot of envy, and a whole lot of I can't because. You know, and I just put it out there, and I got a speaking gig that day.

[00:22:59] 4 weeks later, I'd created a physical product. I went to that event, and I sold $3000 in I got paid $5000 to do the talk. I got booked for the national conference that day to 300 people, and I was telling, I'm gonna jump, and y'all gonna catch me. Meanwhile, everybody's like, cool. We been waiting.

[00:23:28] I booked 33 clients that year. My business was booked for the next 10 years. I booked 6 workshops around Australia, all from that talk. And I just wasn't doing it. I was talking the talk, but I wasn't walking to walk.

[00:23:43] You know, so many people stand in front of me, I'm not making money, I'm not breaking through, I'm not getting to the next level, but when I really put them in the hot seat, they're not doing it. They're afraid, or they're talking about it, or they feel like they're kind of doing it, but they're not doing it. You've got to start walking the walk and form this confidence and identity in the path forward. I read a book about manifestation by Wallace wattles, I read a book about self love by Louise Hey, I read a book about metaphysics by Annette Noontal. I read rich dad poor dad.

[00:24:15] I read the millionaire next door. I read anything that was gonna help me be more successful. Instead of finding more reasons to not be. I was the one holding myself back. In 2000, I was a photographer for a studio, an employee, and I hated it.

[00:24:33] I didn't want to photograph families or babies, I wanted to photograph glamour. And they said I couldn't, so it was time to think about my business, but in 2000, I my gallbladder collapsed. I was filled with bitterness and resentment, my gallbladder had gangrene in it. I'd lost the ability to love myself, metaphysically, that woke me up. I took 8 weeks off, I had the surgery, I went back to work, and as I was driving to work this Here I was twenty nine years old, no money, hated my life, hated my job, hated my everything, hate, absolutely hated my body, I was out of balance, I was out of alignment, I had no value And I said, out loud, that day, I We'll do anything not to go back to this job.

[00:25:29] And my car blew up.

[00:25:32] The engine

[00:25:32] in my car blew up in the fast lane. Within three seconds of saying it, I pulled over I sat there and I did what all people who live in survival with no emergency fund when they're faced with an emergency do, I cried because they didn't have any options for it, because there wasn't called a tow truck. Gone by a new car, there were no other options. That day, I sat on the side of the road and I thought, what have you learned about the gallbladder? I've learned that I was resentful and bitter wasn't walking my true path and I was disconnected.

[00:26:13] What did you just learn from saying I would do anything not to go back to this job and your car blew up? I went, oh, I think I'm doing this. I just did that. No more and no less than what I asked for. I was the one holding myself back, and I was the one making my reality and my reality was bad.

[00:26:39] And I realized in that moment, I was doing it. It was me. It was not anybody else. It was me. In order for you to shift this focus, I want you to start thinking about your Thrive budget, okay?

[00:26:58] But I want you to be excited about that number. So unless there's something on your Thrive budget that makes you wanna come back to it every single week, why would you get excited about it? Right? You've gotta get excited about it because that's the life you're creating, and it will take you how many people can get from their survive budget to their thrive budget in the 8 weeks of coaching I challenge you. As fast as you can shift your mind and your energy, I can push you.

[00:27:28] As fast as you can shift, I can push you hard. All I have to do is bring your focus back every single day to what you want, and get you to stay focused here in a good energy. Now, I just want you to just just stop for a minute. I teach a lot of business, and when I say basic things, like splitting your bank account three ways, and and people are like, I've heard business people say, that's not necessary. And I'm like, cool, you've clearly never struggled with money, because I did it, and that's how I did it.

[00:27:59] So I just want you to think about this focus for a minute. Like I said before, if you have a $300 product, and your Thrive nut is $6000, you think I need to sell 20 units in order to get my Thrive, but no. That's not true, because your margin is where you get paid which means you're not making goals from your margin. You're making goals from units or people. Like, please have have, these people, 20 people buy my product, or please let me sell 20 products.

[00:28:32] No. You need to sell 60 products. Don't you? But you don't think like that when you start. So inevitably, this trips everybody up because your margin is 100, you need to sell 60 in order to get to your Thrive, which is $6000, but you will receive 18,000, and you'll think that's all yours.

[00:28:55] Everybody does the same thing. That's why they fail because they don't take the taxes out of their 3, 3, and 3. This is such a simple energy. Because this is more than just a basic, a math, this is actually very energetic. When you start attracting, you feel bad about it.

[00:29:14] So when you realize that 300 products sold 20 times will equal, this much money, that's a lot, and you're going to focus on that number instead of 60. And then you have to manage $18,000, knowing that only a third of it is really yours. And when you start to look at your business like that, you start to keep your margin and then you are in business for the rest of your life, because that is the most sustainable energy that you can come from So I want you to start creating your thry are you hungry, right? My alright. So I want you to start focusing on the Thrive number, not the survive number, and watch it grow.

[00:30:00] I want you to start focusing on the Thrive number to sell and not your survive number to sell. And all you have to do is keep coming back to that table with full energy going, I'm energized, I wanna sell this, I wanna move this, I have to move 60 products a month, how do I do that? I'm gonna find, you know, the path to it, and that's the most important part. So I learned that, manifestation and creation and alignment they all follow the exact same path. Truly, I've studied manifestation, I've read manifestation books.

[00:30:39] I've studied creation energy because I believe that I keep creation energy around me as I create. I've learned how to create. I'm gonna teach you that tomorrow. And the other one is I'm in alignment because I'm in alignment with what I want, who I am, the path that I'm walking my goals, they're energized and they're given value and direction. So I feel like I'm in alignment.

[00:31:02] So when I look and break down manifestation, creation, and alignment, they all follow the exact path to create what you want, and this is it. The first thing you do is you think about what you want and you just form the thought of it. And you say, I know what I want, because as soon as you start to think about it, you activate the desire to have it. And when you activate the desire to have something that is clarity, the more clarity you can get around what you want, the quicker that will come to you because the universe operates on a no more and no less than what you ask for law. So once you set that in stone, you have clarity.

[00:31:50] And even from that thought, you then go to create a vision around it. I have a vision for this I have a vision for myself, I have a vision for my business, I have a vision for my growth. And as you start to create the vision for it, you start to see it, and you can taste it. You see it in its tangible form, you see others with it, you you get more clarity, and you get something better in the vision of it when you walk the multiverse, you'll start creating certainty and conviction. It'll become certainty and conviction to you.

[00:32:27] It's like your heart starts to know it knows what it's want, and the heart's calling. The heart's calling. You start to speak it out. You tell people I want this, I wanna do this, people poo poo the idea, and you get all down about it, but it's the speaking of it. Here's the thing.

[00:32:45] The authenticity of you comes from the truth. It comes from your speaking voice. It comes from what you want in saying it out loud. It comes from expressing yourself, speaking up for yourself, being good enough to speak out what you deserve. That all comes from your ability to say it.

[00:33:02] To not worry about what other people are gonna say, that you can stand up and say, this is my truth. This is what I want. I have clear vision. I have certainty and eviction. I have clarity.

[00:33:13] When I speak, I have authenticity, the connection is I love this. My heart called me to this. My heart wants this. I know my heart wants this because when I think about it and I act and I talk about it, I get the goosebumps and I can feel the connection to it and I show up to it every day. And when you loved something, that is commitment.

[00:33:35] Because commitment means I'm committed to this, I'm committed to this dream, this path, this business, myself, my family building what I want, then you start taking action. Because you're already in alignment. Once you know what you want, you have the vision for it, you can speak it out in your truth. In authenticity, you feel a heart connection to it, all you have to do is take action. This is where your identity is formed you don't get to confidence until you get to hear, I do it.

[00:34:05] That's momentum. That's congruency. That's the next congruent step. That's what I'm going to do next. It's the next step and the next step action does not force alignment, alignment forces action.

[00:34:22] See, other way around, you don't have to take a step. You have to get into alignment, and alignment will bring action to you. How can it not? It's momentum. Every single day, you have to wake up with that connection, take action doing it, and honor yourself, honor how you feel about it, honor your feelings around it, reconnect to that feeling of creativity, that is your gut instinct, and that sits right here.

[00:34:51] And then the last thing, the last thing you can do in creation and manifestation is after you have engaged and all of that is to receive it, with gratitude because it's for me. It's for me. I'm the purpose. It's so I can be more, and then I can help others be more. When you put something on your timeline, this is how you activate it.

[00:35:23] Okay?

[00:35:23] So we're gonna make timelines tomorrow.

[00:35:24] And when you put it on the timeline, you've got to activate it this way. Now, to change anything, change I want this, to I create this, change I work to I create. I did. I don't work anymore. I create.

[00:35:46] I create content. I create time. Change I manifest. To I create, manifest is too nebulous for most people. It's too wishy washy.

[00:35:53] It's too whatever. Change I wish to I create. Change I worry, to I create, change I can't, to I create. You're the one creating this path, you're the one magnetizing people to this path, you are the only one, you are the only one that can do that. Okay?

[00:36:12] I want you to focus on it, and I want you to bring that into your fruition. You know, I love talking about the Thrive number, and please throw questions out there now. If you wanna ask questions in here, ask questions in here. It's important that you ask questions. There's no stupid questions.

[00:36:32] Most people are thinking the same thing, I wish somebody would ask you this. Ask, ask Nikki. She'll ask. She doesn't have to read your name. Just write it.

[00:36:42] Look, how you think is your interior life? How you feel is your interior life? How you manifest comes from your interior life. That's it. How you think and how you feel.

[00:36:56] That's manifestation. So I think about it, and I was like, okay. In self value, I talk about the voice in your head that gets you stuck, as being 2 little monsters. I call them my thoughts and my feelings. My thoughts is talking constantly.

[00:37:26] My thoughts contrast and compares analyzes, you know, my thoughts are just constantly speaking, and my feelings

[00:37:36] are responding to my thoughts. But neither

[00:37:36] of those voices are me. So I look at it like this, they're in my car, fears in the back seat, but shame isn't. Self doubt isn't. You kick them out. Fear just whispers to you.

[00:37:56] Stay safe. Remember, last time you got really hurt, don't do that again. And you can say, thank you fair. I understand that you have a warning for me, but I'm good. You just stay in the back.

[00:38:07] Don't let Fair Drive or pick the music. Alright? But my thoughts and my feelings are in the front seat, and they're just going for it. My thoughts is out of control, and my feelings is responding to everything my thoughts say. So I realized that in listening to those 2 voices and fear, they are 3 unique voices in your head, and they're all different and all of them can be listened to and observed, but none of them are to be believed.

[00:38:41] Cause that's not how it works, neither of them tell the truth, My thoughts is just thinking stupid things. My feelings is responding through a filter of my past. That's it. I can grow and be more, and I can create more for myself. So if you come back to this slide here, this to me is creation.

[00:39:05] I want you to spend time in thought, but mostly I want you to spend time in the multiverse. The multiverse is where you can explore all of the thought around what you think you are, who you are, where you're going, you can explore this idea of who you think you are in a completely safe place of Your mind. Anything you believe about yourself is stuck in your mind. So if you can't break out of a thought or a loop, you choose to keep that thought alive. You choose to keep empowering it.

[00:39:44] It's the craziest thing. So really when you sit down on the multiverse, once you find a path, see if you can get clarity around it. Like how clear a vision can you get? Like and when you feel authentic when you start speaking about it and people can feel it, like, that a sign that you're in alignment, you're about to start walking. Once you're speaking it out, you're not holding back your vision anymore.

[00:40:17] Now you're saying checkmate. But that truth, out of you, is the most important part. People don't live their truth, where people pleases, we lie. We so don't live our truth, and we need to start living our truth, and what we're worth, and what we want. So a lot of that is simply finding out what you really want.

[00:40:40] And once you know, you get that certainty and eviction, you start speaking it out, you connect to it, you're taking action, you're getting momentum every single time. Alright. So when you put something on your timeline, I want you to start creating it. I want you to start looking at, I want you to start looking at the clear vision to move forward. I want you to start thinking about a timeline that you even wanna activate because tomorrow I want to start writing timelines, and I want you to spend the night thinking about what you really want here.

[00:41:18] What do you really want from all of this? Yay. We

[00:41:22] create time lives.

[00:41:31] Give me questions. I know there's a lot of questions about creating this path forward and creating what you want, but I truly, truly, I know the most truth that I could tell you is that learning to create for myself solutions, a path forward, learning how to create what I wanted, learning how to build a business that I really wanted, learning how to do all of that, increase my self value, and put me in a creation energy. I don't create anything unless I go through those systems. If it's not connected to me and it's not my vision, it's not for me and I can't show up to it every day. I am sorry if you're living somebody else's rules streams expectations right now.

[00:42:22] You did that But it's okay. Let's look at it. Let's break that down before I just throw that out there. That's on you. Sometimes we have to do what we have to do to get to the next level, but then that person has taught us we no longer need them anymore.

[00:42:41] So instead of being resentful that they control the path forward, you are to thank them for what they've done for you, and to tell them now it's time for you to walk alone. If somebody has been through the drama with you and they've financially contributed to this business, they will have a say in the fact that you can change it or not. When Nikki was building her business, and she was like, that's not gonna work. And I go, okay, just think about it tonight, come back, we'll talk about it tomorrow. She came in one day, and she was like, I was telling Dan the plan, And Dan said to me, oh, so you're just gonna, like, make more money than me.

[00:43:25] And she was like, well, yeah. And he kind of went, whatever. So she came back, and she was like, Dan was like, whatever. And I said, yeah, you told him your vision. But you didn't show him any action, I said instead of, like, saying I'm gonna make more money than you, why don't you just make more money than him?

[00:43:44] And then he will say, what? Damn.

[00:43:49] Retire him for the record.

[00:43:51] Yeah. That's right. And you were only new at it. He was like doing it yet. He was like, okay, honey.

[00:43:57] But that's what you share a vision. When you share a vision, it is not yours yet. It is not the path. It's just an idea. And I laughed when she said that because after that, many women came to me and said, I think I could probably out earn my partner, and he's the breadwinner in our family.

[00:44:14] And I was like, you absolutely can. How much does he make? Let's go. Because I kind of thought that was cool, but then I think about all the men that they were competing with, and there were some in the opposite men and women, but mostly it was men that they were contributing massively to their household. And then all of a sudden, men started to leave their jobs to help these women that I'm coaching a business because they're making twice the money, and their husbands are like, this is the life we should have.

[00:44:42] And they're like, yes, honey, this is, and that is achievable for everybody out there. It is achievable for everybody out there. Now we live in a world where we live in a capitalist society where we can grow rich and strong. So what you want is for you but it has to come from you. It has to be connected to you, and you have to have it in alignment to create a timeline to it.

[00:45:11] If you wanna manifest anything, put it on your timeline, and then draw me a line to it And then tell me the steps on that timeline. If you can create a timeline to it, it's yours. 100%. I do have some questions. Lesley asked,

[00:45:32] In Jeanette also asked kind of a similar question. So if you're in debt barely surviving, but you're working on your mindset and you're moving forward in that way, do you kind of put your goals off in order to start to get out of that debt?

[00:45:47] Okay. You're not connected in value to your goals. Otherwise, it would be solving those problems. Does anyone need to hear that again? The question is this.

[00:46:06] How long have you been struggling in debt? Oh, considerable amount of years, then you're not fixing it. You're not connected to the product. You're not connected to the brand, you're not connected to the value, you're not selling it. Otherwise, if you were connected to all those places you would be selling, and then that money would be solving your debt problem.

[00:46:27] Right. I'm getting a Twitch. I have another question that

[00:46:35] is not

[00:46:37] about that. Oh. Well, So Lisa said certain situations can trigger a feeling that can be really difficult to get past. Yes. How do you what have you done in the past to get out of this sort of triggering emotion that wasn't necessarily caused by your thoughts, but an external?

[00:46:54] Situation.

[00:46:55] Yes. When something triggers you and you go into an intense, deep emotion, you are essentially attracting from that place. But it's it doesn't work that fast. You have to hold a focus for a sustained time. That's why it's called and emotion every day to create more of what you want, to get into alignment with what you want, to get to the number, to manifest what you want, you have to hold a positive focus for an extended period of time.

[00:47:20] The longer you can hold that positive focus, the faster it comes to you, The second you turn it into a negative focus, say I don't know how it's coming, where is it coming from? Do I really want this? You deactivate it. As soon as you say how, you deactivate it. The the choice is to act activate it, stay in that activation, stay in the connection, stay in the certain 10 convictions, stay in the heart activation of it, show up to that every single day.

[00:47:45] So if you have a bad time, process the bad feelings and you just let it go the next day, and you know. But when I hold a negative mindset around money, around numbers, around, clients, I hold it for a period of time because this is what I start to believe about myself. Once you hold it for an extended period of time, you are manifesting your future 100 percent. It's whatever you're thinking is what you're manifesting more of. So if you're not in a solution place, if you're not in a creation place, if you're not in a growth place, if you're not in a valued place, that's when you start manifesting in the negative.

[00:48:21] One of the craziest things about shifting your mindset around money is the second you hold a negative focus for any period of the time you're manifesting from that focus So if the focus is it's not fear, there's not enough, it's scarcity, you have to acknowledge the one emotion that's in there, and that is I'm not good enough, or it's I've been rejected, or I'm a lose it because I can't make this work, or you have to focus there, but the truth is is that brings it to the light of what you're focused on. And when I started to create, oh, Boom. And when I started to create for myself, I realized that I could shift my focus by getting to a solution. Cause the fastest I faster I could get into a solution, the more I was attracting more solutions, but the second I held a problem focus around anything I created more problem, the second I held a drama focus around anything I created more drama. Yeah.

[00:49:24] So it's like an incredible energy this manifestation. It's about you checking your inner filter all the time, but right now, yeah, deal with the thing that's stopping you from walking forward And if you say you're in debt for an extended period of time, go and fix it. Stop avoiding this now. Fix it so you can grow so that you can be rich. Right?

[00:49:53] Right. There's any questions in here, please?

[00:49:56] Don't be afraid. I know we're talking about money. Nobody have asked me money questions. Well, I

[00:49:56] have some comments. Oh, please.

[00:50:08] I just wanted to share with you because I know you put your heart and soul into this, and you're not gonna get to see the chat. So I just wanna share a couple things to you, and I know how important this is to you. So just wanted to tell you that so many people are saying, one, that they have older courses of yours, And they've stuck with you this whole time because they always learn something new. So here we are 10 years later with people Wow. Still with you.

[00:50:29] Like, that's I know I it's just I just wanted to throw that out there for people who are like, kind of on the fence about the course. Someone else Federica said it's almost 1 AM here, and it's like having an adrenaline injection right in my heart. Every time I hear you speak. Jeanette said, wow, we don't receive it. This one kinda chokes me up a little We don't receive it until we're ready for it.

[00:50:53] I can't believe I almost self sabotage this. Thank you for all you've done. I'm finally ready. Dang, this was the final piece I needed.

[00:51:00] Excellent. Yeah. But I I've come to this conclusion after 15 years of coaching, I stand in front of people now, and I realized I'm repeating a lot of this stuff over and over again. And then I kinda looked at everyone and I was like, what do you want? What do you want from me?

[00:51:22] Because I tell you what I am. I'm someone that did it, even when someone said you can't. You are too. Just go and do it. I'm someone that made a decision about what they're worth, and then I stood up to myself for myself, and I said, I'm worth more.

[00:51:40] And when people told me I wasn't, I said, I don't agree. And when people criticized me, I learned from it, and I realized it was more about them than it was about me. So I wasn't afraid. And when people said, you're fat, I was like, yep, a little bit. And when people said, you're old.

[00:51:58] I was like, yep, 53. And when people said, you're uneducated, and I was like, hallelujah. Do you believe I made it? Yeah. I kinda ate mild it, right?

[00:52:10] I figured that I'm roughest guts. I'm from New Zealand. I say the most horrendous things on I'd say I never gonna swear because of all the children that watch me. Cause so many kids watch me, with their parents and say things to their parents like she knows stuff. You should listen to her, mom.

[00:52:31] And I think to myself, ah, and, but I am who I am if I'm my most authentic self, you can feel that, you can be this authentic self in your business. Truly. Be brave on social media. Go on. Put yourself out there tomorrow.

[00:52:47] What's the worst thing that's gonna happen? You'll get 3 likes, and someone will tell you you suck. They suck. Somebody wrote on my Instagram last week, fake. And I was like, cool.

[00:53:00] Do you feel fake right now? You should do my money workshop. Because if they're talking about themselves, this is not about me. So remember this thing, I just read this the other day, and it's like, I asked my friend one day with really good self esteem, why do you have such good self esteem. And she said, well, when somebody says something to you, to us, I think it's about them and you think it's about you.

[00:53:25] It's always about other people, They're just mirroring back to you what you don't like about yourself. That's why when you put yourself out there in the mirror that showed back to you is sometimes something you're afraid of because you're attracting that, but they're just mirroring you. You know, if somebody comes to you and says, somebody said I'm not authentic, you say, do you feel like you're being authentic? And they wouldn't say it if they were authentic, because if they were authentic, they wouldn't see the comment. Do you understand that?

[00:53:59] You will attract what you most fear, and what you will attract is what you most fear to hear, and you're going to attract it because it's what you most fear. It's what you look for. I mean, you're gonna get through all of that really quickly. Does the criticism ever stop? No.

[00:54:18] Is it constant? Yes. Welcome to social media. But they also have this amazing delete button and block button, which you can go without buying into the comment, you can delete and block in 4 presses, but no, that's not what you gotta do. You're gonna make a drama out of what they said because it's true for you, and you're holding that in you.

[00:54:41] That person is some thirteen year old living in his mother's basement, and Ira doesn't give a shit, just said it about you, like, oh, yuck. And you were just like, oh, because that's, you know, you think the world just judged you. Tomorrow, we're gonna talk about building timelines. Tomorrow, we're gonna talk about goals. Tomorrow, we're gonna talk about marketing.

[00:55:03] Tomorrow, we're gonna talk about daily ritual. The first four pillars in your personal brand, building the brand around you, building products around you of value. The third one is money, and the 4th one is Equinix change of value. That's what you're asking for, and what you're going to receive during this business. Who wants to stop having a personal brand so they can go back to a full time job?

[00:55:27] Nobody. You know why? Cause this is my business. These are my dreams. This is my income.

[00:55:38] These are my rules. It's my value, it's my energy, it's my day, it's my space. How can I not be grateful for that? That every day I get to connect, doing what I love, four people in my space. There is no greater gift than that.

[00:55:57] Okay? So Have fun in the multiverse tonight.

[00:56:10] There is so much more to come tomorrow. So make sure you join us at the same time tomorrow. And don't forget, there is 8 weeks of live coaching where you can all the questions, your personal situation, all of the things. There's the workbook, there's the PDF download, you get the key, the keynote, there's a community around, you know, whoever has the course gets to be part of a community where you can connect with other people who are working on this mindset. Who have reached that mindset, who are successful surrounding your people yourself with your people, who want to do the same things that you do as far as growing and becoming wealthy in so many different ways.

[00:56:47] So again, this course is only a $199, guys, You've heard and seen if you've been watching the chat, how many people have loved these courses and having them for years years. So click on that button that says, purchase the recordings, and you can watch these at any time. And thank you, Sue. We will be back tomorrow. See you guys all.

[00:57:07] Thank you. Thank you everyone sitting on the throne. And thank you everyone out there. Oh,

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 4 ====