==== Start of Personal Brand Promo Videos ====

Promo Video 1 — 30 sec

We made a decision this week to make personal brand the workshop live and free. What does that mean? It means everyone can watch. So register for September 10th and 11 and you get two full days of me.

Now if you've built a personal brand but you're just not thriving, this is the workshop for you. And if you want to build a personal brand, this is the structure around you and the steps forward so that you can build a successful personal brand that gets you paid.

Promo Video 2 — 42 sec

12 years ago I did my first live and free broadcast 2012. Do you believe that? Well, this September I'm going to do Personal Brand, the Workshop, live and free. Again, if you would like to join me for this live broadcast, just follow the link and register. You know, we decided we love this workshop so much that we are going to give it away. 

How does that work? If you like it, you buy it. If you don't, you can take these golden nuggets and go forward, but this is the best way for me to show you just how powerful this program is. So join me for this broadcast and I'll see you in September. 

Promo Video 3 — 20 sec

Have you built a personal brand, but you're kind of in survival, but you are just not thriving? This is the workshop for you. You can join me live and free for two full days for a Power up on your personal brand on September 10th and 11th. Follow this link and register today.

Promo Video 4 — 41 sec

We made a really big decision this week to make personal brand the workshop live and free for everyone. So if you are building a personal brand around you, this is the structure, the connection to you and the steps forward. And if you've already built a personal brand. But you are not thriving, then this is the workshop for you.

We've made it possible for everyone to join us live and free. You can register. Just follow this link and I will see you for two full days to power up your personal brand. I wanna reconnect you to your true path, show you what the value of your personal brand is, and also reconnect you to your bank account.

==== End of Personal Brand Promo Videos ====
