==== Start of Sue's Notes About Personal Brand ====


Personal Brand is the future.  
If you are a Personal Brand 
You are the Brand 
You are the Face 
You are the Content 
You are the Vision
You are the Voice 
You are the Product 
You are the Boss 
You are the Value in your business 
It’s ALL about YOU
Problems to solve in marketing. 
and SURVEY QUESTIONS
Are you building a personal brand? Or Have you built a personal brand and it doesn’t feel connected yet? 
Are you on the right path?
Feels like I’m on the right freeway, but in the wrong lane. I feel nothing but resistance. I don’t even know if I am on the freeway.
Do you feel valuable? 
Are you in equal exchange of what you do and give? 
Can you ask for money? 
Do you love what you do?
Do you love who you work with? 
Do you love who you are? 
Have you created a product of value, Do you love the products you create?
What is your mode of expression? What is your superpower? 
Have you opened all revenue streams into your business? 
What is your brand story? Is it connected to you?
Do you feel your brand Voice is strong and clear? 
Have you found your brand voice?
Is your brand your product your money energy at its highest value 
are you in equal exchange being paid for the time and effort, you are putting in
 
Is your service and customer experience the best it can be. 
Are your systems working creating income and momentum and flow
 Is your Marketing communicating with value and clarity.
My name is Sue Bryce. I am a personal brand, I am a content curator, a photographer of 35 years and for the last 15 years an educator to creative solo-preneurs. 
I help people build powerful personal brands, monetize and find their self value.
You are your personal brand 
Your Brand is your face value 
Create a Product of value 
Money is a value metric 
Business is equal exchange of value 
Service is customer value 
Systems functional value
Marketing is an offer of value
And YOU are the value in all of it
Let me show you the seven big steps you need to take to build a successful personal brand and the connection to you in each of those areas. 
Building a business requires self-value. I have evidence that success is not sustainable without a strong sense of self-worth. Why not? Because being of service, in equal exchange of value, maintaining relationships, growing wealth, replenishing, and evolving creatively demand the ability to acknowledge one’s worthiness of such blessings.
When you look at your brand perception, it is in direct proportion to yourself perception both elevate both. 




L O V E & M O N E Y
A L I G N M E N T 
Creation is the profound act of bringing ideas and desires into existence. It is the process that transforms abstract thoughts into tangible realities, weaving the fabric of dreams into the tapestry of life. The seven steps of Alignment—Creation, Clarity, Certainty, Conviction, Congruency, Creativity, and Commitment.
In alignment you get CLARITY for what you want, then you active the heart energy around it…
Manifestation is the art of turning intentions into reality through the power of thought, belief, and aligned action. It is a process that enables you to attract and realize your deepest desires by harnessing the energy of the universe. The seven steps of manifestation—I Know (Thought), I See (Vision), I Speak (Truth), I Love (Magnify), I Do (Action), I Feel (Honor), and I Am (Gratitude)—provide a comprehensive framework for this transformation.

==== End of Sue's Notes About Personal Brand ====
