==== Start of Notes: Personal Brand Coaching Week 2 ====

Coaching Week 1 - Self Sabotage

Thank you for letting me show you your money truth last week. Last week you made a declaration to get to the NEXT LEVEL with MONEY
Today you’re going to learn why you get stuck at the different levels.
IF emotion stops us then what happens when we're not emotional what happens when we’re just disconnected? Or in cruise mode? Are we manifesting when we're idle, sleepy or content or what happens when we're not worried or focused on something negative, what happens if it's just apathy? What happens is nothing! 
If you ask for nothing you get nothing. If you ask for enough you get enough. If you ask for more you get more. If you add equal exchange of value and you embody your self value you increase value all around you. 
MINDSET: CONNECTION / SELF SABOTAGE / SELF AWARENESS
What is holding you back? What is Self Belief? 
I am about to get you to start asking for more. Let's check to see if you believe you're worth more?
IF you can only go as far as your emotional self so that means I have to nurture my emotional self, but if emotions are just a response to my thoughts and I can change my thoughts then how does this emotion stop me from moving forward: it becomes a belief you’ve created your own limiting beliefs about yourself today you’re going to smash them.
PEOPLE have always asked me this CONNECTION this heart activation I speak of WHAT EXACTLY IS IT
I have unlocked each level of my life in increments of value HOW I did that was I focused on WHO I REALLY AM and WHAT I REALLY WANTED and I learned to get into a full alignment and hold that focus with intention.
I MASTERED my mind. I learned how to process the emotions I would get stuck on and return to ALIGNMENT. I learned how to process my emotions.
I didn't say I mastered my emotions. I also won't say I mastered my thoughts. I learned to listen to them and not believe them. I learned to question them. This is the first level of emotional intelligence it’s SELF AWARENESS
I coach people building businesses I give them quantifiable steps then I watch where they get STUCK that's the point of teaching in next steps but 
Every person that gets stuck in the beginning is in their own head!
BECAUSE You can only go as far as your EMOTIONAL self.
and I learned people don’t KNOW their worth. How do you know if you’re GOOD ENOUGH?… YOU COMPARE 
Getting STUCK in The LOOP of chronic thought / COMPARISON / FEAR of Rejection / STRESS / NEGATIVE self talk / EGO flares / SELF DOUBT / RESENTMENT / ENVY / Old stories of SHAME
Stuck in a rat wheel of bad thoughts, old stories, drama, poor me, I’m better than them, resentment - blame. It’s not fair. Why do they have that! You start seeing evidence that YOU’RE STUCK
These loops make us believe we’re disconnected and STUCK because you are stuck in your mind I call it the LOOP in the loop is FEAR STRESS SELF HATE INFLATED EGO ENVY COMPARISON, SELF DOUBT and a huge amount of resentment. 
You are in competition! You are stuck in a mind loop. You cannot attract anything good here. Because you're focused on what you don't have and what you don’t want. COMPETITION is the opposite to CREATION
CREATION is manifesting. COMPETITION is competing for what is already created and never measuring up.
Being stuck in a loop means whatever you’ve focused on you are attracting.


THIS is my experience with SELF SABOTAGE… 
WHAT is the correlation to your patterns and your self worth and creating a successful business?
YOU are the BRAND how you do ANYTHING is how your Brand will do EVERYTHING! 
Your outer self, especially for women, will take a self-bashing when you’re building a personal brand because the first step in building this brand is IDENTITY 
Most women believe their identities are their bodies and it’s not. 
Most men believe their identities are their networth and it’s not. 
You’ve just been taught that people get value this way and affirming that you don’t measure up.
If you derive all your value and attention from having a hot body or lots of money what will you do when you don't have these things?
Being self employed is a DREAM
No one tells you about the stress of becoming more…
The stress of Money | until you learn your value LEARN $ Learn how to value it, ask for it, manage it, accumulate it, give it direction, grow it
the stress of putting yourself out there | until you get confidence and find your voice and realize the whole time you were the one holding you back.
the stress of living up to others expectations | disappears when you start walking your own path then you realize you're a trail blazer.
the stress of competing with everyone online in your mind | just goes away when you stop looking at people online to compare yourself too (This is an avoidance behavior) Go get that life you want, go mind that business.
the stress of mastering your craft and learning to value yourself becomes joyful TRUST ME a MASTER who is content is truly a master
the stress of learning to sell and ask for money are gone when you know and feel your worth. Focus on the service and the gratitude you feel that someone has made this exchange of value with you and watch your sales x10
the stress of managing money and learning taxes and systems upon systems upon systems but then THEY WORK the systems bring confidence and momentum of $ through your business.
FIRST 3 systems…
1: start with a booking system to get clients in 
2: then a sales system so you can get paid 
3: then build a list and nurture that list
The stress of marketing (WHAT do I say) Becomes a voice of clarity
The stress of managing client expectations and customer support
become part of the ongoing network and connections you make
The stress of struggling and not making ends meet are replaced by thriving learn EQUAL EXCHANGE
Stress is a cry for help and the call is coming from inside the house. The stress in these areas are so you grow to the next level in your business and income sometimes these steps are difficult but you don't have to see it that way


HOW you manage this stress is up to you
Building a 6 figure business was so stressful 7 double the stress 8 
I WANTED TO BE AN ARTIST well at 14 I said that and now finally 38 years laters I can say I finally live in a world where I can be an artist and a self employed solopreneurs and I can make good money doing it
You will become as successful as the amount of pain you are willing to endure. But the pain doesn't sustain they are growing pains and each level you unlock the next challenge.
Business will bring Competition and Comparison, Money stress, Self Doubt  Big Fear, Loads of criticism seemingly from everywhere, an onslaught of others limited beliefs, an ego inflation, naysayers, dream killers and … more STRESS
STOP right now YOU are not building a business for everyone else BUILD IT FOR YOU I wish someone had just slowed me down


YOU CAN BREAK THE LOOP with P L E A S U R E / A V O I D A N C E
So HOW do you currently STRESS RELIEF?
We get stress relief (Dopamine) from Eating Drugs Alcohol Spending Gossip Gambling Drinking Porn 
NOTE: these all come with a good feeling and they also become our problems, secrets, lies and our coping mechanisms, they become our patterns and then addictions.
Why am I talking about avoidance behaviors because I fell into this trap when my business became overwhelming and I wasted years fighting the wrong battle. I am fascinated that we create addictions from avoiding.
WHAT EXACTLY ARE WE AVOIDING?
FEELING BAD! LIFE?
Most people fail at diets, think about it you go on a diet WHEN you feel out of control but you have set eating as your only form of comfort.
Is that not the ultimate paradox of failure
Diets don’t work when there is a NEED to EAT stop hating yourself and listen to what you need.
the worst years of my binging were the beginning of building my business and anything new or unknown or the NEXT STEP great right when I had to PUT MYSELF OUT THERE I would be in my most need to hide phase. my body would visibly go up in weight whenever I started to walk towards my new path. 
TAKE THE SHAME OUT OF THIS STORY
I needed support / I needed comfort / I needed strength / I needed protection and eating and my weight gave me all those beautiful things. 




The reason Diets and Saving from broke doesn't work is you restrict the one thing (eating/spending) that relieves your stress. So when a big emotion comes up you want to eat it/spend it/or whatever it away. 
You seek pleasure as stress relief and then it becomes an avoidance to your difficult emotions. And then berate yourself over it.
You can fight eating for the rest of your life and never ask WHY you need stress relief. Food is not the problem. Your body is not the problem. Your weight is not the problem. Your constant need for false fulfillment and misaligned stress relief is! 
ANY avoidance behavior will give you a false sense of Fulfillment BUT it will be followed by the craving for more and it’s insatiable because your needs are not met.
Your need to stress relief or escape or soothe or numb with avoidance behaviors means you’re avoiding facing something.
I learned that avoiding my emotions and choosing binge eating was my version of self care. It was stress relief when I could not cope. 
Look at how stupid this thought process is: What is the result that you really want? 
I want to lose weight? Then eat less! I can’t seem to stop eating! You’re undisciplined! You’re disgusting = Feels bad and eats more. HATES BODY Fighting the wrong fight always bringing it back to me not being good enough.
I want to feel good in my body, about my body, I want to be proud of who I am, I want to win at life not feel stuck in my negative patterns, I want to be seen and loved. I want to feel like I’m NOT out of control.
Then you have to acknowledge that you need to define what your boundaries are, what you don’t want and what you do want moving forward and start focusing on creating it. 
WHEN you are UNFULFILLED you look for FILLING


Where is all the stress coming from? 
What are YOU doing or NOT doing. 
What is making you feel unfulfilled in your life in your business which area why? 
Some people are ADDICTED to the LOOP of REJECTION because rejection breeds obsession. That’s why breaking the loop is so hard.
Rejection means you can’t accept the truth so you obsess in a loop.
Breaking a rejection loop is as hard as breaking a victim mentality loop around money you need to break the negative mind loop to feel good so you can start a positive cycle up
Awareness Acceptance Processing Boundaries
Inevitably we’re processing to boundaries. Change something, set a boundary with someone. Speak up for myself.
Why do you want to lose weight anyway? You believe people will love you more. YOU need to LOVE YOU MORE. Sometimes what we think we most want is not what we really want it’s actually what we most crave for ourselves what you feel you are lacking the most GIVE that to yourself.
STOP FIGHTING YOURSELF and start listening to what you need
Find a way to self care without binging, follow body positive accounts and read books about radical self love and self acceptance and then 
focus on how you want your body to move, rest, nourish, hydrate, replenish, self care, exercise, get strength, preserve mobility and of course receive personal pleasure but the greatest change in your whole being will be self acceptance.
You think you are your body. But your body is just the physical manifestation of the internal self. Your body is actually your most loyal follower. 
Let me tell you the UNBELIEVABLE amount of BANDWIDTH to create I got back. I got my brain out of obsession about food and my body this is pure BAND WIDTH you waste on fighting these behaviors. 
I broke a mental pattern and the addiction I had to rejection.
Saving is impossible when you CRAVE money and get dopamine from SPENDING you will never have enough because the craving is intense and it’s never satiated just like sugar/drugs. 
Craving anything is the soul yearning for something it cant have? What are you yearning for?
So how can you save when spending is your binge thats the lightbulb. 
I want the RESULT of saving but I NEED the dopamine I get from spending MORE! 
I need better self care followed by a new way of giving myself both the feeling and the action of both enjoying spending and saving.
You will become as successful as the amount of pain you are willing to endure and by pain Im referring to processing your emotions
The first step to emotional intelligence is SELF AWARENESS


SIT with your emotions and take responsibility for them - feel them 
HOLD UP A MIRROR of Self Awareness 
LOOK AT YOURSELF Stop PERSONALIZING EVERYTHING 


Self Awareness for me became MIRROR/MIRROR
Back in my low energy days when the gallbladder and my car blew up, Everything I was reading to elevate my self worth gave me this knowledge that what you put out is come back like a boomerang. Every hard lesson I was learning about myself as I grew this business was teaching me that it was not anyone outside of me it was my intention and it was my path to walk. 
Someone here last week said I saw you on YT and now I am standing here in front of you in your studio learning from you how is that for magic. I said wow to me you saw me on a platform and thought that I was someone important and you liked what I was giving and saying and you came to learn more, but the reason I am on that platform is I decided I was important enough to give this information to you.
I put myself on that platform and that tells me you can decide when you are ready to put yourself out here, don't wait for others to tell you that you're important.


Exercise: What is the one human trait you hate the most 
~ Procrastination Victim mentality. Liars. 


Mirror work was something I couldn’t get enough off.
What you say about me holds more truth about you. Changed my life!
What I envy in them I want. What I see in them I have (Good and bad)
It changed the way I saw people and spoke about people, I started to elevate conversation instead of bond over gossip, I speak the conversation up I talk about building and growing, ideas and more knowledge, travel experiences, philosophy connections and building relationships not talking about people and what others are doing, saying or wearing and that changed the way I was valued in a room. 
I started to easily see admiral traits in people and there is nothing more powerful than giving a non physical compliment. You’ve bypassed the superficial immediately and when you give a non physical compliment its energy respects energy.
This also taught me to see my failings and see my contribution to the energy of any situation. To identify when Im back in my ego in a loop. It’s became how long will I chose to stay in this negative thought pattern and then I realized I could break out of it. You are only trapped by your own mind and some questionable past decisions you made.


What you resent about me holds YOUR greatest emotional need! Changed my relationships
We do not see things as they are, we see things as we are!
Trolls hurt you BUT It only hurts when it’s true for you
When something someone does bothers us, it reflects an aspect of ourselves that we have not fully acknowledged or accepted. If it mildly annoys us, it could be a small, perhaps unnoticed, behavior or belief we hold. If it wildly annoys us, it suggests a deeper, unresolved issue within us that we are denying or suppressing.
At first it's I don’t want this I don’t want to feel this way and the EGO fires up but with practice you start to see a pattern in YOU. First there’s sadness with the understanding that You realize YOU are unfulfilled. YOU feel disconnected. YOU haven't been speaking up. You’ve been people pleasing or plugged into the matrix and just going along with it. Unfulfilled.
When I learned I am the antidote I started to hold up a mirror whenever I felt something about someone I started to ask myself WHY did I react that way suddenly I realized My thoughts and My feelings were constantly chattering so I started to ask them  
“Why does this bother me so much? Is what I am saying about them more about me?”
“Do I do that? Is there a part of me that behaves similarly? And I don’t accept it in myself?”
“What does this reaction in me say about my own beliefs, fears, or insecurities?” Why is this triggering my ego and competition
Why is this happening? Why did I attract this? What am I learning from this? Why do I feel resentful, Resentment is powerlessness.
Why do I feel judgment or envy? What do they have that I want?


Then I became my own guru, my own therapist, my own best friend, My own voice of love and I could ASK myself what I needed and give myself the answer. 




What I learned about EMOTIONS that make you feel stuck
you can’t let it go but you CAN let i be
you can’t release it / but you CAN accept it / reframe it 
you can’t forget about it / forgive it


Why are you carrying a wound? And Why do you pull the stitches out every day? Sounds like a addiction to pain
If someone says something and I think it’s about them, and you think it's about you. Who leaves that interaction with the loop? That means you can always choose… 
If someone says something hurtful to you say “Are YOU OK?”
If someone can’t look you in the eye you ask “Did I do something I need to apologize for?” 
Stress is when you say yes but you want to say NO so it’s betrayal to yourself and usually comes at a cost of you feeling you have no time or support to do your things and that is resentment. WHAT will you say no to from now on.
The more I walked towards what I really wanted the less I binged anything. I didn't need pleasure behaviors to self soothe and I was giving myself the money and the goals I wanted. I spoke up for myself and asked for more
the more I created the life I wanted with value the less stress relief I needed. the more I loved and accepted my body for just moving and existing the more I cared for it. 
Was that simply because I started walking towards WHAT I WANTED was it because the more I found value and connection in all areas of my life the more valuable and abundant I became. 
I was in my own cycle of sabotage. Wasting my bandwidth on obsessing about myself not being good enough. Instead of making more GOOD in my life.
YOU are the POISON and You are the ANTIDOTE ☠️
Make the connection to living unfulfilled and always looking for filling 
$1M DREAM
I walked this path in the MULTIVERSE 
what I would do with the $ HOW it FELT 
What I would BUILD HOW it FELT
Until the dream was so clear I realized I didn't need a MILLION Dollars to get this. I could make a MILLION Dollars doing this


Manifestation is FOCUS and EMOTION 
what I am focused on and how I feel about it.

==== End of Notes: Personal Brand Coaching Week 2 ====
