==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 2 ====

Segment 2 - Create a Product of Value

[00:00:00] Back, everyone. Let's talk about creating a product of value, a product of value. Okay. You create a brand of value. You're the value in that.

[00:00:08] Now you're gonna create a product of value that you have to be connected to, which I love that question from this morning. About being connected to your product and why. So let's look at what is a product of value. So, you know, old business really was centered around 2 revenue streams, and that was a physical service and a physical product. So you sell merchandise or a physical product, and often that involves a commercial rent, it means that you're paying for a space.

[00:00:37] And we used to make money this way. Most businesses are set up this way. As a photographer, I was trading money for time as a physical product and a physical service. As technology progressed, we were able to create digital services, and obviously, digital products Now I look at these as 4 revenue streams, so most businesses are structured around, you know, the physical, but now that we've expanded into the digital world, we're able to create product and digital services, and I see that as 4 taps of wealth coming into your business. So to me, it's like, which tap do I have turned on right now?

[00:01:22] So if you're currently offering a physical service, and a physical product, you're trading money for time, which is fine. Out of those 4, 3 of them are trading money for time, with the exception of digital products, which is make money while you sleep, all others are created and trading money for time, and that means that they're harder to scale because it's person getting paid. And if you break your ankle, you don't have a business, you have a job, and that's the moment that you realize income can't come into your business because you have a job, not a business. So when you look at these 4 and you understand what they are and you understand that you maybe don't have all of those taps turned on, I want you to focus on turning on all types of revenue into your business. So I call this make money while you sleep, and it such a hilarious story.

[00:02:21] I grew up with a blue collared parents who worked very hard and instilled a work ethic in me that I don't see in most people, and I know how to outwork everyone. In fact, when I started to blow up, I saw all of the other speakers, and they were all young and gorgeous. And I was all down on myself thinking, do I really have anything, anything to compete with these people? I remember just sitting there and thinking, yes. Yes, I do, because I'm connected, and this is not about how I look.

[00:02:55] So I grew up with this work ethic, and I thought, I'm gonna outwork everybody. It doesn't matter how ambitious you are, or how much you want this, I want this more, and I will work harder. That's helped my competitive mind, right? Cause when you're competing, you're not creating. So I'm in my competitive mind, and and I'm worried about being good enough.

[00:03:17] But the truth is is none of that is important, and as soon as you get rid of that, you can start to move forward. So this one day I pay for my parents to fly to Australia to meet from New Zealand because I can afford to give my parents gifts and things that I wanted to give them. This is in 2010. And, at the time, I had just created my first physical cards, which was my physical product. I was already doing a physical product and a service as a photographer, but I created this these cards, and I sold them, and I had to ship them out.

[00:03:55] They were in my spare room, I had to package them, but people were buying them online, so technically it was a digital product. Unfortunately, it was really selling a physical product online, but it meant that I was, for the first time in my life, making money while I slept. So my dad is at the coffee table. There's this beautiful view of the ocean in Palm Beach at my friend Janet's house that she'd lent us, and I wake up, I look at my computer, and I get a coffee and I say to my dad, Oh, I made $3000 last night. My dad just looked at me, and he went, what do you mean?

[00:04:35] And I said, while I sell a product for $300, while I slept, people bought 10 of them. So now we have to go to the to the UPS and, on the Australian post, and post them all out to people around the world. And my dad was like, $3000, and I said, yeah. Now to my father, making money while you sleep is for wealthy people. Money begets money.

[00:05:00] Investors make money while they sleep. Accumulators don't. Only investors do, and you don't get to level 5 of money. I'll talk about that next until until you go through the first 4, my father never got past management of money, and they live there month to month, but well, and here it was, seeing me make money while I sleep. The next day, I walk out, and he's sitting by my laptop with my coffee, and he's like, tap, tap, tap.

[00:05:30] I said, what? And he goes, check your thing. Here's my dad. He's rubbing his hands together. And I look at it and I go, I only made $300 last night.

[00:05:43] My dad looks at me and he goes, that's $300 more than somebody paid me to sleep. And I said, yeah, dad, and I called it make money while you sleep from that day on. I wanna teach you how to make digital products because they do make money while you sleep. But ultimately, those 4 revenue streams are so important, these 4 revenue streams are 4 taps coming into your business. Do you offer a physical service?

[00:06:14] Do you offer digital service? Do you offer physical products? Do you offer digital products? Are all your taps on, and I want you to explore how you can turn on more. I need you to let go of segment 1, which is the identity that you have to create this brand around, because there's something about that identity in this slide that's gonna make you feel uncomfortable, and let me tell you what it is.

[00:06:43] Are you saying I can speak in my industry, teach workshops, host a podcast, that's what the people at the top of my industry do, when am I ready to do that, and you say, I'm ready to do that, you start walking towards all of these opportunities, and other people tell you you can't do it, I thought you said you were a designer, and now you're making these. I thought you said you wanted to be a photographer, and now you're doing this. I thought you said you wanted to be, and you said no. Welcome to 2024, I'm a personal brand. Don't tell me I'm not a photographer anymore.

[00:07:26] I pick up my camera every week. I bought a brand new lens last week because I wanted one I photograph my family, I photograph my friends, I photograph people if I want to, I just don't take clients doing it anymore, I make art with it, I make marketing with it, I make content with it, and it's truly part of me. It's been part of my filter, but people get so stuck on the identity. Don't they? Ew, somebody wrote to me you this week on Instagram and said, you call yourself a photographer on Instagram, but you're not.

[00:07:58] And I said, if I could change the name of my Instagram, I would, but Instagram have rules, and they won't let me. So it's like, okay, but people are so caught up on the identity, and I know when you are building that brand, That's why I talked it so much about love and alignment, until you find the identity that you're most ready to claim, people will constantly challenge you, and you will feel like an imposter. That pisses me off. Look at this, there's eight products on that board, and you can make all eight of them, and I don't care who you think you are, if you have value and you have content to share, and you want to make any of these eight products up there step forward and make them. Let go of any identity.

[00:08:43] If you feel identity come up on this vision, as you multiverse every one of those products into your brand, I want you to consider how this connects to you. Look at the physical product, anything that you can make with your hands and sell in person, you know, you can also ship it, have a look at your digital services. Am I offering coaching? Can I offer content online digital products? Can I offer templates?

[00:09:12] Can I create any template for people, ebooks? Can I write a romance novel? There's $14,000,000,000 there on the table. Let's see what you've got. It doesn't matter because if that connected to you, you're gonna sell it.

[00:09:27] So stop worrying about what everybody else thinks of you, start taking ownership as a personal brand, and say, I am a personal brand. I am a speaker, I'm an educator, I'm a photographer, I'm a content curator. That's what I do. My name is Sue Bryce, and I do all of the above. I sell my services.

[00:09:46] I can make videos. I can podcast. I can teach retreats. I can build a community. I can create everything on there, and rightly so, because I am a personal brand, and I can do whatever I want.

[00:10:00] Let go of this identity, build the identity around you being a personal brand, not around what you specifically do, but around you. Start to live in your brand, expand in your brand, fill up this brand with you, you're the power, we're doing it for you, you're the purpose, you're the poison, you're the antidote. Start looking at these as opportunities, and acknowledge if you feel stuck You know, because it's absolutely no point. There is no point you're leaving money on the table by not creating something you really want to create because you're worried about what other people will say about you. Think of the top ten subjects that we buy in non fiction.

[00:10:41] How can you create a product around one of those that's nothing to do with your business? That's just your personal interest, or your connection, or something that you're really empowered by or something you feel so strongly about, you've been working on the side doing it. You know, I have met so many incredible and coached so many incredible people that wanted to start businesses. And when I found out where people come from, and also, like, this incredible personal side of them, I look at them and I go, this is so much more than what you've put in your brand, and you're not putting yourself and your brand. You know, when I went on a live broadcast to the world, I was 40, 12, 2012.

[00:11:28] How old was I in 2012? 41. Okay. That was 12 years ago. I'm 41.

[00:11:34] I was I thought I was done. Like, who wants to hear from an old woman? I was I thought I was, like, not relevant enough to speak, or I was like, But I just kept following what I wanted, regardless of what I thought I was getting from everybody else, you know, and that to me, that that to me was the magic. Now I've never had a problem doing this. Creating products that are connected to me, creating a brand that is connected to me, do you know why I've never had a problem doing this?

[00:12:10] I don't know any other way to live. This is my authentic brand. This is my authentic self. I know who I am, I know what I do, I know why I love it, I know who I do it for. That kind of clarity means that whenever I create something, now, yes, I've made the mistake.

[00:12:26] I've tried to create products that I think other people want, And I tried to create products that people told me they wanted, even though I didn't want to create them. They never sold. They sold, but they never sold. They sold, but they never took off. They sold, but they never connected or changed lives.

[00:12:44] They sold. And you can just sell, you're doing it already, but don't you wanna sell? Share. Get it out there. What does it mean?

[00:12:53] Make products connected to you for you. Use them with love. Share them with love. Show people it's so much easier to sell something you love. When you sell something, you love.

[00:13:09] It doesn't matter. Like putting it out there is not hard. When you build a brand you love, putting yourself out there's not hard. It's the truth. It's not hard.

[00:13:21] When you say it's hard, you're out of alignment. When you're in alignment, it's easy. I don't even have to tell people what I do and who I am, if I hold my energy in a way that I am completely fulfilled by who I am without the need to be seen or heard, I can walk into a networking event and just with the energy in my body, people will walk up to me and say, who are you? Like I'm somebody. And I'm like, ah, who are you?

[00:13:57] Because I'm there to connect. You know, a long time ago, I let go of this idea that I went to build a glamour business in 20,021,001, and everybody said, you can't because that was in the eighties, and it's not a thing anymore. And I said, but I don't wanna do anything else. And everyone said, but you can't because it doesn't work like that. Stupid girl.

[00:14:25] And I said, yes, I understand, but right now I have no money. If this doesn't work, I will have no money. But if it does, it works. And against all of those odds, I knew one thing. When I'm not connected to something, I don't want to do it.

[00:14:47] When I don't feel something, I don't show up to it. When I don't connect and feel it, I'm not authentic about it. I'm not telling people this magic because I'm not truthful about what I'm doing. Maybe what you did was you got help. Maybe your partner supported you, and they told you how to run this business.

[00:15:08] And you went against what you felt and what you know is right for you because they helped and they financially have a say, and you're not living your truth, and I'm sorry that is so hard to hear. And you gotta hear it a lot more tomorrow, but when you are connected, everyone can feel it, make products connected to you. And I always say when you use them with love, and you share them with love, you don't have to sell them because people say, where do I get that? When they see you and they feel it, people really say when you get that. Okay, what what do why do consumers follow brands?

[00:15:48] Here, there's the the five reasons consumers follow brands because this is the highest values that we trust you. They have to like you and trust you before they buy from you. So if your face and your story and your energy is not in your social media and not in your marketing, how will they trust you? How will they know you're trustworthy? That's your face I gotta see in order to trust you, And once they trust you, I'm gonna spend money with you.

[00:16:19] And what is trust? Trust is this belief that I know you well enough to know that you're gonna deliver on your promise, that you're going to say and keep your word. A trustworthy person is the number 1, number 2 is quality, the quality of you, the quality of your experience, the quality of your product, the quality of your service, the quality of your connection, the quality of your business steps and the quality that people feel when they trust you and think, I wanna try this connection. They feel that you care. They feel that you're actually doing this because you want to.

[00:16:55] They feel the value coming out of you they feel connected to what they're doing because you're connected to what you're doing. You wanna show up to this every day. That's what makes it magical because you're the most powerful person in the room right now, and you have something that I wanna have. You have connection And then there's the consistency of doing this in your brand until people can see. She does this.

[00:17:19] He does this all the time. Look at this consistency, tuning out incredible work, great connection, connecting to all these amazing people, the stories, the marketing, the brand story is cohesive, the energy is cohesive, the excitement, the enthusiasm, the empowerment, the engagement, the education, all of it just starts to be infused in you and how you work, and you're working with so much power, evolution, Darwin said it is not the strongest species that survive, but the one most adaptable to change. Businesses evolve. Businesses are not meant to last a lifetime. Some most businesses last 3 years, because people can't make any money.

[00:18:01] Let me teach you how to do that after lunch, but most businesses aren't meant to last a long time. I've noticed in my life, there is a 7 year cycle in my businesses, This is a creative cycle. Most artists are cycling through 7 years by the end of your 7 years of starting this business, getting it going, starting to make some money, not making money, making money, not making money, reinvent the wheel, reinvent the wheel, reinvent myself, reinvent yourself, realize you don't need to because it's just a system, and mostly you gotta get connection, hard connection, and work on your own value. Who had to get it in there? Oh, shit.

[00:18:35] I'm bored. This business is not fulfilling. There's no balance. We've spent 7 years, like growing. Your business will grow in increments Your income will grow in increments.

[00:18:57] Why? Cause you will grow in increments of value. It takes time, and it takes value. If you have the value,

[00:19:02] you're gonna get there

[00:19:07] first. That's how you power up this path forward. So this is what makes people loyal to you. These five things, look at how much of you is in this brand. Do you trust Do you look at this brand and feel trust?

[00:19:23] Do you feel quality? Do you see your work as quality? Do you see yourself as quality? Do you see and feel your connection to what you're doing and what you're making? Is there consistency, or are you just throwing it out there willy nilly?

[00:19:38] Are you showing up to it every day? Cause that's alignment. And when you evolve, you evolve and replenish yourself you evolve what you do, you evolve how you do it, you evolve how you creatively get excited, you learn something new, you maybe get stuff, you scale up your business, you change the way you're doing it, you change systems, and that's not reinventing the world, that is refining that personal brand and refining that personal brand. But when you feel connected, trust quality connection consistency and evolution, should be your priority. That's what makes a business move forward.

[00:20:20] When my business was surveyed by an independent, independent company in 2000 and, 19, we were surveyed, it's a big company, a private equity company, wanted to buy my business, and they did a this research where they called our students, they called our clients, they called people we work through, and they rate your business it is like a hundred page report. I've never read anything like it. I qualified on my platform as having the highest loyalty percentage rating they have ever seen in a business at 83%. And when I think about the loyalty, I'll say one thing, loyalty is my currency, authenticity is my truth, and I don't have a problem finding it because I needed to make something of myself. I was nobody when I started this business, and I found my voice and my path and I found my true self, and that, that was I didn't need to try and become somebody.

[00:21:33] I just unfolded myself at my full power. So, you know, to me, the personal connection to the brand is when you're aligned with it, you're aligned with the mission, the story, the brand, the product, and nothing will give you more connection this, this. I need you to just constantly come back to this, you are the brand. So when you say my income slowed down, that's you, you're doing something different. And it might just be a little negative mindset, but it doesn't matter, you are the brand, you are the brand, and they're seeing the trust and the value in you.

[00:22:18] Okay? So you have to come to them. How do you make people trust you? You show them your true self. Authentically, this is what I'm gonna do for you.

[00:22:30] This is what I want for you. That's your invitation, your promise. That creates trust. You know, they want this feeling of connection, and the only way to feel connection is if you're connected to this. And then it's almost like they're so drawn to your connection because most people don't have it When I sit down and ask people, are you fulfilled in your business life?

[00:22:56] Most people say no. When I say are you fulfilled in any other areas of your life? People start to to think, maybe I'm not. Maybe I'm not fulfilled. You know, until you focus on an area of your life and empower that area of your life with love and connection and alignment, if you're not doing that in your relationships, if you're not doing that in your family, if you're not doing that with your own self care, if you're not doing that with your own self love, how can you be fulfilled in any area?

[00:23:37] It's not until you turn your attention towards this that you actually start to see yourself as somebody who is like, disconnected. I call it living in the matrix. I don't want to live in the matrix. I don't want to wake up and go through the motions. I wanna live like an artist.

[00:24:01] I wanna be paid. I wanna feel. I wanna share, and I wanna grow. Okay. Took me years to find my value.

[00:24:12] I couldn't, even when I was selling up in the 1800s per client, took me years to find my value because I didn't value the actual physical craft that I made. With my own hands, In my own creative brilliance and my own mastery, I didn't value that because I didn't value me. So what makes something valuable? Google it, this is value. It's perceived value fun personal, aesthetic, social, emotional, historic, sentimental.

[00:24:42] You know, that's what it comes down to. It's one of those things. And when I looked at that, I was like, cool, I could look at all of everything that I do, and I could see, yeah, I could see that there's a perceived value, or there's definitely a sentimental value in what I do, or an emotional or historic connection to what I do, I could start to see that. But The one thing I realized was the common denominator is value. It's not really how much you value it.

[00:25:13] It's just that somebody does someone values it. Someone values it, and if you talk to people who don't value it, they're gonna say no to you and make you feel like your product has no value, but that's just because they don't value it. Does anybody here have an expensive handbag? Like, over over $2000? Right?

[00:25:42] I'm not gonna judge you. That's not what I value. So when I look at your bag and I think I don't value a $2000 handbag, you feel guilty about having one. Because that's how we work. If somebody shames me, for something I want that they don't value, I think it's shame, and the truth is is I don't value that is all you need to hear.

[00:26:10] Oh, you don't value it, because valuing it means you'd spend money on it. And if you don't value what I'm giving you, you don't value it, but you can't sell something you don't value. You can't. You can't sell something you don't value, so spend time working on how you feel about the product, and it will change the way it sells. It's that simple, what makes a product valuable, it solves a problem.

[00:26:35] Okay. I want you to write these down, but I only want you to write down the one that you feel in your, like, oh, that's for me. Okay. Cause I'm gonna give you a few different options So right now, if you think about what you sell your product, you think about yourself, you think about yourself doing it, I want you to hear this. Okay.

[00:26:56] For some people, they can find the value because it solves the problem. Does your product and you service solve a problem? So simple, but does it? What problem does it solve? Is it easy to use?

[00:27:12] And if your business is like something that you have to go through 3 hours of this, and 12 hours of this, and then we connect on this day, that's not easy. Efficiency is I created a business model that turns over clients nice and fast, because some people value that Okay. Go to Nordstrom, spend 20 minutes checking out, because Nordstrom believe that if they hand wrap all of their stuff in tissue and give you 20 minutes of completely disconnected, completely ridiculous conversation like, how is your day going? Let me stop folding in order for you me to listen to you, that's not service to me. Service is getting me out that door so fast.

[00:27:55] Now if I don't value that, That's not service. So the first time I said that was ridiculous. That was 20 minutes of my time. I don't need this wrapped. I don't need this wrapped in tissue.

[00:28:07] I don't need to feel important the person I was with said, wow, you're so rude. And I said, no, that's what I that's not what I value. Now, change places, now you're the business owner, when you offer something of value to someone and say, they say no, they don't value it. Let them go. They'll either start valuing it, or they never will, they're not your client.

[00:28:30] It's not about you. They don't value it. Some people do ridiculous things with money, ridiculous, ridiculous things, I just bought an electric bike with a sidecar. It was expensive. I say for it, it's what I wanted.

[00:28:44] I've been riding every morning with my little dog. I'm gonna start doing videos because neighborhood is now beeping at us every morning. I've met like thirty people. I've been living there 4 years. I've met thirty people in the last 2 weeks because I got this bike.

[00:28:58] It's what I value. It's what I wanted. That's what's valuable. So does it solve a problem? Is it easy to use?

[00:29:07] Is there a social connection or a trend to what you're doing? Cause if there is a social connection or a trend to what you're doing or there could be, jump on it That's why we have social media, that's why we have trends. Is what you're doing? Could it be exclusive to you? Like, could you create a VIP experience around it, or maybe see a status symbol around having it?

[00:29:31] Can you see yourself as having a status symbol status symbol around this? Do you feel excited? Like, could it be, like, just this VIP group, or could it be this exclusivity that it's like I will only take fifty people for the whole year, like, are you creating desire in that way? You know? Some people just believe in it, and maybe they believe in it because you believe in Maybe they believe in this because you 100 percent believe in it.

[00:30:04] And also, there can be something about you, you can be an activist, you can be opinionated, you can be someone who is empowering people and educating people about one of those other areas that we talked about, but offering something, and the people that follow you are like, I support this person. I support this business. I support this message. I support this product. Does your product feel like that?

[00:30:30] Does your brand feel like that? Does your product have monetary value? Is it an investment for somebody? Is it a collector's item for them. Maybe it's a gift.

[00:30:44] You need to focus on the fact that you're a gift. This is a gift. This can be given as a gift. This can be sold as a gift. This is a gift to people.

[00:30:53] Is it a shared experience? Like, you can literally create marketing and stories and connection because what you do brings people together and creates a shared experience, that's marketing, that's a product of value, that's connection right there, every single one of these things will light you up. It's valuable if it empowers. I already told you that it's valuable if it educates people. It's valuable if it heals or supports or engages or builds communities, it's valuable if it's entertaining, simply entertaining.

[00:31:33] I sat in a room once a workshop with 50 photographers, and I knew they were all photographers. But sitting amongst these photographers was Jason Lopez, and we were talking about standing out, about owning our brand, about owning our path forward. And Jason asked a question about changing paths and, you know, following a whole different thread in your business. And and I was like, yes, 100%. And I said to him, everybody in this room, I said, put your hand up if you're a photographer and they all put their hands up.

[00:32:07] Because I knew that they were all photographers, and his question was about differentiating himself standing out. And I said, now put your hand down if you're not a composer, a classical composer. Knowing for well, Jason is a composer of classical music, and only his hand was left up. And I said to him, gee, there are a lot of photographers in this room. And he said, yes.

[00:32:39] And I said, as good as you. What makes you different? And the one thing that he had his hand up was like, that's who I am or what I do. That doesn't have to be what you sell. But the second Jason puts his music into his personal brand, people see it.

[00:33:02] It's another revenue of money. It's another revenue stream into your business, its connection, it is showing off at an exponential level because he's so incredible at it, and it's what differentiates him in a market of people that you think is swamped because it's not. Nothing is swamped. There is enough for everybody, except for Bitcoin. Okay?

[00:33:26] And there's nothing swamped. We've all got enough to go around, but the difference is what makes each of us special and that's not that we're all trying to compete for the same thing, that we all do the same thing, but we do it through our own self value, through our own brand, through our own ownership of who we are. That is so powerful, and it blows my mind. Okay. You know what?

[00:33:53] Do you know why I would buy something? I want it. It's valuable to me. Stop telling me what you think you know what's valuable to me and make something that's valuable to you. Chances are, you'll attract all the people like you that starts to think that what this chick does is valuable, because they're attracted to you.

[00:34:21] They wanna do what you do. They wanna do it like you. I buy something because I desire it because I love it. Because I want it, and I have my own money. I don't have to tell you why I like something or why I want it, I value it, and that's all that matters.

[00:34:37] The only way to sell something off value is to create something that you value, use it with value, share it with value, And once you show it with value, people say, where can I get that? Is that selling? Cause it sounds like attracting to me. And most of us are chasing money, instead of attracting it, most of us are chasing clients, instead of attracting it, most of us are chasing validation, instead of working through our values, most of us are looking to get something instead of giving, most of us are burned out, most of us can't get paid for what we're worth because We're so busy people pleasing and making everybody else's life good in our business,

[00:35:16] instead of creating the business for the one personal

[00:35:16] person that is in this business, and boom, the purpose is you. Maybe it's art. People buy art. Somebody spent $8,000,000 on a rotating mud ball the other day in the art world, you know, it feels a lot like money laundering, But if somebody wanted to pay me $8,000,000 to rub my face on a mud ball, I totally no, it probably wouldn't, but you know what I mean? It's art.

[00:35:48] So from all of those things that I just said, I want you to drop and give me 5 of the ones that match your value. Cause if you honestly can't tell me why it's valuable, I'm gonna go back, I'll read them again, and I'll read them fast, pick out the ones I won't interrupt myself. It's a perceived value, it's functional value, it's aesthetic, social, emotional, historic, or it's sentimental. Those things are important. That's what you'll find on Google.

[00:36:20] The common denominator is someone values it, and I value it. That's why I sell it. It solves the problem as the biggest one. Also, these are all marketing prompts. How does your product and service solve a problem?

[00:36:33] That's your next blog, that's your next five posts, all the problems you solve in your business, because that's what people wanna know. Okay. Is it easy to use? Is it fun to use? Is it empowering to use?

[00:36:46] Is it educational? Is it transformative to use? How do you use it? How is it valuable that other people use it? Write that in your marketing?

[00:36:55] Is this a social connection or a trend that you want to push into? Can I create x exclusivity or VIP exclusivity, or status symbol around the service, this product, around myself? Okay. What can I do to make people believe in it, other than believing in it myself and communicating that? And how do I put all of my loyalty into my brand, my trust, my quality, all of that connection into my brand so that people support me, they support my message, my product, my brand because they feel the truth of who I am, and I'm putting out there, and they wanna follow you.

[00:37:35] It's heart magnified. Remember, it's monetary value for a lot of people, maybe what you're creating could be an investment, and you can find a way to speak about that. Or why is it a collector's item? Why is it a great gift for people? And what is the shared experience around it?

[00:37:54] Then connect your product to Is it empowering? I always say, is it valuable? Is it desirable? That's imp that's the next question to sell it. But before you get there, does it empower?

[00:38:08] Does it engage? Does it educate or does it entertain? It can do more than 1. But it's mostly gonna do those 4 every single time. Don't, for one minute, think that people don't want what you've got that they don't want the product you make, that they don't want the service you provide.

[00:38:31] You believe they don't want it when they don't call, and you get all like, about it. The truth is, is when you want it and you love it, and you desire it, and you turn up to it every day. So do they? How can they not? That energy is magnificent.

[00:38:48] It's palpable. Sell art. Sell it, but do art. It's the doing of the art that is the best part. When you do art with love, it sells itself.

[00:38:59] It does. I watch my sister churn out piece after piece. I watch her work through it. She's magnificently talented. You might not even like the what she's drawing.

[00:39:15] She's drawing a bird. Might not want a picture of a bird, but watching my sister paint is like, she's mesmerizing. How do you do that out of your brain? With a pencil and you just make it look so easy. Wow.

[00:39:36] Think of it like that. Think of somebody looking at you going, wow, you built a business? You make this? You mastered this? But you created an income out of it?

[00:39:48] A future? You bought a house with it? Yeah. I did. That's how you do it.

[00:39:58] I just don't have to be poor. They just have to create. They just need systems around them that can take that money, and do something with it. So what makes something valuable? Value is what I love.

[00:40:19] My gosh, I wish somebody had explained this to me 20 years ago. I am enough. Just me loving it makes it valuable. I want it. I want to own it, and that makes it valuable.

[00:40:34] So when you make it and it's valuable to you, everyone can feel it. What makes you valuable? Oh, no. Yeah. So here's the thing.

[00:40:50] To created manifest and to connect and to bring anything into your life, the first thing that you truly have to get past is this idea of what makes you valuable when you put that out into the world. Well, tell you this, today you're gonna learn about goal setting. I'm a master creator. I set goals, and I achieve them, like nobody I've seen, I have a hyper focus, I know what I want, I go after something, I infuse it with every power of my bank. I've gotten better and better and better at that.

[00:41:27] But the biggest question through all of me finding myself, finding my value, finding my brand, was what made me valuable? Like, cause that was the hard part. You know, when somebody loved my craft and they say, Oh, this is, you made this with your hands. Take my money. I would just be like, I have arrived at my true path, but then the next client didn't value it, and they made them do it, and they didn't value it, don't want to buy it.

[00:41:59] And they feel, you know, trapped or maybe a partner's getting trapped to spend and you get that energy of I don't really want this, and I'm trying to sing for my rent. I'm trying to sing for my rent for somebody that has no connection to this product or service and really didn't want it. And I'm taking it all personal when they tell me that they don't want it, and they don't value it. And I hear I'm not valuable, but I had somebody in front of me that didn't even want to do this. It took me forever to learn what my value was.

[00:42:36] So I just worked that out. The same way I want you to drop and give me 5, 5 reasons your product is valuable from those lists or your own, I want you to tell me why you're valuable. Write it down. Write it down. Tell me why you're valuable.

[00:42:53] I'll give you some of mine that I learned. I hold space for people, so creating a service is really special because I learned how to really hold space and see and hear people, and that just annexed my business. I learned how to create an experience, with my staff and my team, so that I wasn't carrying all of the energy on my own and my business. And I infused my staff with the same value, and vibe, and energy that I'm talking about right now so that when they turn up to my business, to work in my business for me, they're fully energized. Like, they are coming from a place of, like, they, 100% come from a place of I want to show up to my work Dayole Kanigan, 1937 wrote the top 3 connections to people working for you is who you work for, who you work with, and what you create.

[00:43:57] Now, think about that in your business. Who you work for is you, what you create is you. Alright? So think about that. Now, if you're the power in this business, you're the value in this business, and anybody that wants to work with you is who are they?

[00:44:14] Who do you work with? All the people in this team, and what do they create together. Now I always found it easy to attract staff and team because I'd focused on those 3 things. I always like to keep staff, I know they'll want to respect me, they want to respect the other players in our team, and build a family, and they will want to respect what we make. And if you can truly embody that in your business, you can start selling because that means you value everything, and it's so important.

[00:44:51] This is probably the most important thing you can learn around products. Those eight products are available for you to create. But pricing them and selling them is a whole different world. Why is products number 2 on the big pillars of building a personal brand? First, you create a brand, and then you create what you're selling in that brand.

[00:45:14] That's a product. Okay? And that product has a cost of goods sold, and that product has the cost of doing business. You're gonna learn these 2 and you're never going to take them out of your site. Because you've already crossed the brand of value, now you've created a product of value, in order to sell it, we need to price it with a margin and the margin is how you get paid, and this is where businesses fail.

[00:45:43] Now this seems so simple, and yes, we are talking about basic commerce. The basic exchange of money for a product is at the end of the year, we look at or month, we look at how many units you sold. Okay? And if you sold 100 units and you sold it for a $100, that's exactly what you made in terms of money, then you're gonna work out how much it cost you to make that product. And once you do your cost of goods sold, you look at the profit margin that you're left with after taxes and expenses and putting money back into your business and then paying yourself, and that is the basis of the starting of your income.

[00:46:27] Okay. The next step is money. After lunch, we're gonna go straight into our money because that's the next part of the wheel. Each level unlocks the first the next level. Once you've got your brand clarity, you start to truly get this brand that suits you, your voice, your face, the path you wanna walk, then you start getting product value, where you start creating products that are profitable, they actually work for you, you're in love with them, you're connected to them.

[00:46:54] It's fully, fully engaged. Okay. And that is that's the magic right there. Now, most people can't tell me what it costs to make something. And when I break this down in money, you're gonna be like, oh, I wasn't doing that.

[00:47:13] And then you wonder why you're not making money, but until you learn what your cost of doing business is. So if you are just thinking about building a personal brand and you're just here because you have an idea of what you want, you're gonna take it to the multiverse, you've got your $1,000,000 check, you're gonna clear that path and start seeing the path that you really want to walk as you build these products, create them, and value them until you learn how to be sustainable in business, and it really comes down to pricing it. So I've been coaching photographers for 15 years. Guess what most photographers get stuck on. Price things.

[00:47:51] Because all of a sudden, you learn something as a hobby maybe, you start mastering it, you start thinking I would do this full time, you start building a business, you start to walk through all the levels of building a brand, around you, you have no value yet, or so you have no mastery yet. You might be good, but you look out there and there's other people way better. Or even worse, there's people out there not as good as you, making money doing it and you're struggling too. That sucked for me and my big fatty go. And that's what it comes down to, right?

[00:48:29] So once you've got this value and that you've got these cost of goods, what's the most important as you never ever ever let them out of your site If there's no profit margin on this product, then you don't get paid. It's as simple as that. And I I just look at this with people, and I just constantly looking at their products and I'm constantly looking at the margin that they're selling them. Yes, I say, is it connected to you? Is it valuable?

[00:48:58] Is it sustainable? The only business that is sustainable is one that works for you where the product and service you sell has a profit margin for you, and every day you reconnect to that. So think about this now. I'm gonna jump ahead because I I jump back and forth on the timelines a lot. At this point, you can look at scaling this business because if you sell something for a $1000, but it takes you 6 hours to do it, it's going to take you to a day to 2 days to create one of them.

[00:49:38] Maybe you can't do 10 a week. I'm gonna teach you how to create a timeline with the actual product you have because it doesn't take long to realize when you value yourself, and you're trading money for time, I can only do this much work. In fact, I have to cut it back even further because if I max out the amount of work I can do, I'm gonna burn out straight away. At first, we're just trying to get paid. Once you're fully booked, that's as far as you go.

[00:50:13] You created a a little business model with a glass ceiling, now you don't get any profit margin in. So I will show you this afternoon my increments of growth and my income, but the most incredible thing was I came from nothing, and I was averaging around $25,000 a year as a freelancer, because that's what I was earning as a wage. When you leave a wage, you go out to start a business and you go and look for the wage that you live because that's the safe number, and it makes you realize you're now holding to that number. And when you hold to that number, that's all you get, no more and no less. Alright.

[00:51:01] I need you to learn these numbers, I need you to never let them out of your site, I need you to understand, without a profit margin, you don't get paid, and I need you to understand when you look at the will of misfortune, how often you're giving money away and not keeping it for yourself, In fact, I would sit I would guess that most of you are sitting in front of me right now because it's not working for you. It's not growing. It's not flowing. It's not abundant, and it's not strong for you, which tells me it's not connected. It's not connected to you, and you're holding yourself back.

[00:51:45] And you're holding yourself back in this brand, and I know you are. And I know that as I start to talk about it tomorrow, especially you're gonna start to say, I do want that. I do want to woo I want to walk that path. I want to step towards this. You know what?

[00:52:02] It came down to this for me. I came to Australia from New Zealand thinking I wanna create an international brand under my name, I want to build, and I want to grow, and I went back to what I knew because I was afraid. In a year after bottoming out, losing money, I finally got to a place where I could stand up and say, I know what I want, but once I got that clarity, and I just realized I wasn't doing it. I was yearning for it. I was talking about what I didn't have.

[00:52:36] I was focused on what I didn't have I was focused on what I didn't want to happen because I was so frustrated that it wasn't changing, but the biggest thing that I really struggled through, the biggest hurdle was this idea that I was changing my identity, and people wouldn't like it. I was becoming more, and people wouldn't like it, and that they would judge me, and you know, I moved away from my family to make money. It's hard to grow in this idea of self worth when your social when your social curators and the family around you are also firmly keeping you in this identity. And this is not who you are. So don't get stuck there you know, when somebody says why are you doing that or they judge that identity in you, you feel rejected, you feel like, oh no, I'm not being consistent, but you are entitled to change your creative path change your business every single day if you want to.

[00:53:50] Just find the path that is most true to you that works. I talk a lot about people pleasing. And when it comes to building a brand, most people have done all their people pleasing already. They've already asked everyone's opinion about their website, about their brand, about that stupid logo that took too long, costs too much, that doesn't book anybody right away, you think about it. In that moment, you should be increasing the value of yourself and the product by really just infusing that product with joy and love and marketing it with joy and love, but that's not what you're doing.

[00:54:25] You're sitting there being pulled apart because your sister told you, who do you think you are? Mind didn't. I just used that. Sorry, Joe. Like, you know what I mean?

[00:54:35] It's like you're spending too much time being afraid and not walking towards what you want. Like I always say to people, if you have a $300 product and there's a $100 margin, you can sell 10 of them, but you're only getting paid a $100. You're not getting this, even though you'll get all that money, you have to work from your margin, not from the sale, that's what I'm gonna teach you. We make goals from the sale of our product. Constantly, small businesses are like, I wanna sell 10 products, and I go, yeah, but you need to to sell 20 to get to the Thrive number that you want for you, you're looking at it as a complete sale I'm looking at it, the margin you've carved out for yourself, most of you aren't selling a $300 product with a $100 margin, most of you are selling a $300 product with a $20 margin and wondering why it's not working, But we don't look at the margin, we look at the money that came over the counter, what doesn't matter if they're giving you $300.

[00:55:32] You only get to keep a third of it. The other 2 thirds has to go to taxes, and back to the business to keep it sustainable, but because you never featured yourself, you never gave that margin value, you never gave yourself value in doing it. And that's when I know straight away, I'm like, oh my god, we're not valuing the margin. Don't worry. I'm gonna teach money.

[00:55:59] We come back from lunch, and I don't wanna take an afternoon break. I have money to tangible till 4 o'clock, and I can talk under water. I will take a break so I can probably drink water and go to the bathroom because they start getting a bit dehydrated up here. But when we start talking about money is when I start to get into my full power. Alright.

[00:56:21] So once you've got your brand clarity, number 1, pillar around you is the brand around you, that's your identity and your face value. Number 2 is products of value. It's time you started to value what you do, and how you do it. And if you don't, quit and do something else, you're wasting my time. I'm done.

[00:56:45] I'm sick of telling you you're all valid What you desire is valid. You can decide that, or don't. Don't get it. Or go after it. When I'm sick of dragging people kicking and screaming, arguing with me that they're valuable when they don't believe it.

[00:57:04] Change it. I did. Shift it. Wake up tomorrow and say, I'm done. I'm done with arguing with myself and not feeling good enough.

[00:57:16] And I'm done with thinking other people are better than me, and that I don't have a chance at this, or that I can't get into that spotlight, or that there's not enough for me, or I'm not good enough, or young enough, or skinny enough, or pretty enough, or smart enough, or rich enough, Who cares? You're only there to serve your people and your people are just like you, and I don't want people who are not like me. I want the people who want to be like me, who want to learn from me, who are connected to me, who feel my authenticity, who value the same things, you will be attracted to me because you're like me, you know, and that's like going to our conference and seeing five hundred people at my conference and having my husband say, wow, that you really attract people like you. I was like, yep, I do. These are my people.

[00:58:03] Why? Because my energy goes out into the world, and it attracts. That's what attraction is, and it's powerful. I just read the other day, you attract somebody in a love relationship that's at the same emotional level as you, And if you outgrow them emotionally, that's where they leave you, because people will keep up with you emotionally, or they'll outgrow you. It's this idea that as soon as you fill yourself with value and enthusiasm and connection, people are more attracted to you because they're like, okay, I want what they're having, or I want what they're doing.

[00:58:37] And I think that is so powerful. Please read this. They need you to tell me why. Why do you argue with me that your product is not selling when it has no connection

[00:58:48] to you and it has no value?

[00:58:48] But you will argue with me as a coach for years you'll even go on read it and tell people why it didn't work, but you just didn't do it. And still no connection to you, no connection to you, and no value. Why do you argue with me that your income is not growing? When this brand has no connection to you and you have no self value, how dare you stand in front of me and argue that you're not getting your needs met? When you don't have a clear path in front of you, there's no clarity?

[00:59:27] There's no value, there's no ownership, there's no powerful identity, there's no enthusiasm, there's just what? I made a Wix website, and now I've got this system, and now I'm putting it out there on my Instagram with 1800 followers, and nobody is buying. Well, Instagram's not for selling? It's for shearing and showing

[00:59:49] off.

[00:59:53] Why? Why do you argue with me that it's

[00:59:54] the economy? I'm a luxury item. My business survived 2008.

[01:00:05] Nobody needs luxury portraits. I blew through 2008 with money in the bank.

[01:00:09] You know who's swimming naked when the tide goes out.

[01:00:09] I decided in 2000 and I think it was 4 4, I read it was whenever Ecartole bought out the new earth. And in the new earth, I remember the book, it said something like, nothing you build under stress will become successful. Nothing you build under duress will become successful. Nothing you create in competition will become successful. And I was building this business under full competition.

[01:00:36] I was all like they're doing this. We're better than them, and we're gonna take over, and they're gonna move out. My business is gonna be awesome, and their business is gonna fail. And I was so in my ego trying to win, trying to be better than other people, instead of being more valuable to my clients. Don't worry.

[01:01:01] I got there. But I did go through all the ego stuff, and I don't want you to I don't want to pretend to you that I didn't. There's a lot of ego stuff that you have to get in there, right? And you've gotta, like, get in there and look at it and go, okay. This is ego, and I get to get back to the creator's room, I've gotta get back to the multiverse.

[01:01:21] You know, if I can tell you anything to summarize product as a pillar, I want you to focus here shift your focus, whatever you focus on expands.

[01:01:31] Once you understand this afternoon, you're gonna understand all

[01:01:32] manifestation is focus and emotion, what you're focused on in how you feel about it. I want you to focus here. Is it valuable to you first?

[01:01:45] Is it desirable? Because when something's, valuable to you, it

[01:01:45] becomes very desirable to people because when people see you enjoying something, and they see you having fun, and they see you connected, and they see you getting attention, and they see you getting followers, and they see you getting comments, and they see you getting gifts in your business, it makes people wanna know what you're doing that they want. And that's what it comes down to. Is it priced with a margin for you, or are other people chipping into that margin? So maybe you price the margin for you but when you do the work, you're not keeping any money for yourself because you're paying everybody else to do it. I've seen creatives do that multiple times.

[01:02:31] It's almost like, I make all this money in my business, but I just don't get to keep any for myself, because that sounds very much like a mum and dad. Mostly mum. Is it joyful? Is it joyful to create? I hated it.

[01:02:56] There were times I hated working in my own mastery And when I lost my joy, I lost my income, shows up in your money. It's the weirdest thing. It just shows up in your money. Soon as you don't value it, shows up in your money, and, you know, clients cancel. They want refunds out of nowhere.

[01:03:23] It's like, one day I'm killing it, next week I get down, disconnected, clients says something that hurts me, second guess my value, work with stress, dropped the ball on some clients because I don't care, because I'm too stressed out, cause I'm burning out, cause I'm not getting paid enough, because, you know, this person in my business that gets paid is treating me poorly, and now I'm giving my money to them, Look how easy it is to give our power away, and all of a sudden no connection, no restoration, no no no replenishment, just stress. And then all of a sudden you're like, doing the numbers. And those staff that you're really resentful about that you won't sit boundaries around or speak up to because your people pleasing everybody are taking everything from you, including your profit margin. Yep. That's how we do it, and still come back to you.

[01:04:23] After my business, in 2009, when I left for Australia, to build an international brand, that was my intention. All of a sudden I sat down, and I had a piece of paper. I do everything with a piece of paper. This is creation. Can you feel that?

[01:04:48] Can you feel my goosebumps? Because right about now, that's

[01:04:50] the multiverse. And all I have is some ideas, some feelings,

[01:05:03] And I can create whatever I want. Truly. And then all of a sudden, I realized the whole time

[01:05:10] I was building that business, trying to make a $1,000,000 a year,

[01:05:10] which I did, I wasn't happy. I was burned out, strung out, you know, losing it at my staff, working 15 hours a day, not balancing my body, but I was successful, and that was what was important on the outside looking in, not how I felt, not that I wasn't getting paid more than my makeup artist, you know, and that's what I was doing. I was building success, but not success that I wanted. When I got to Australia, I sat down with just a blank page and nothing I wrote was for I ate those 8 staff. Nothing I wrote was for that building or that income or that $1,000,000.

[01:05:56] Everything I wrote was for me. I realized I had to start again. So it was the first time I had gone from owning a studio that I had no control over. It was just I was just I'd built I I created a monster, and then I had to feed the monster so that everyone got paid. And within 3 years, I resented everybody getting paid.

[01:06:23] So I came to Australia, failed. And that was the moment that I thought, I think I need to become suprised. And because I didn't have 8 staff, I suddenly thought, okay, what's right? For me. What do I want?

[01:06:52] For me? If I'm the purpose, what is that? If I'm the power, What is that? If I'm the story, what is my story? If I am the voice, what am I saying that I'm not happy about?

[01:07:09] What am I not saying? If I don't like the products I currently make, What would I make that would actually connect me that I want to create? What is it? Like, what part of this now? I could build a business just for me.

[01:07:26] I didn't want to have a commercial space anymore. I wanted to work from home, because I didn't want to carry the burden of an extra $4000 that I had to find before I got my needs met. I didn't want to do that. I let go of it, that had ego because I had a beautiful space that people would walk into and go, look how successful you are. And I would say, I know, can't you tell?

[01:07:51] I don't even wanna be here. But yeah, I make a $1,000,000 come in. I couldn't give anybody love. I couldn't hold space for them. I would I would get in there and I would connect and I would think that was the last festival of what I had to why I do this.

[01:08:09] And if it was a client that I didn't connect with, I'd hate them, resent them, and leave tired. None of it was set up for me, none of it was to pay me, none of it had me at the center, me at the value, or me at the boy It was all just me pretending to be a business. How many of you are doing that right now? I call it the, tea party. Craig and I always talk about this.

[01:08:32] You know, in little kids, they sit and pretend to have a tea party, That's what you're doing in your business. You're having a tea party. You've got a website, you've even can invoice people, you take work, you do jobs, but you don't have an income, you don't have a thriving income, You're just stuck in that balance of getting enough to get by and look good on the outside, and none of that is about how you feel as a person and what you're experiencing. Isn't that incredible? Are there any questions about products?

[01:09:06] We are. Before we get to that though, I just wanted to share with you that Bee in the chat said she bought one of your classes 10 years ago. And she's still loving you today and learning from you today.

[01:09:17] Oh, good. You know, I thought I was irrelevant, 12 years ago, and I realized, like, what I was saying was I wasn't commercially viable. I thought I was irrelevant because the other instructors were younger and prettier, and I was judging the physical part of me instead of what I had to share. And then for 12 years, I've spent 12 years teaching thousands of people had I chosen not to do that because I compared myself to people that were not making as much money as me, that had not built as much content as me, that had not created what I'd created or been through, what I'd been through, and I had 15, 20 years more than most of the people I was comparing myself to, but oh, yes, here's the thing with a with a personal brand. It's personal.

[01:10:08] It's you. So you are the brand, so you have to grow in this brand, to get your voice, your confidence, and your power, we're gonna talk about that all day because it's that's it. You're the one putting yourself out there in this brand. You're the one becoming more in it. So it's time to, like, I I thought about it, and I was like, this workshop is about love and money.

[01:10:36] And it's such a workshop about manifesting and creating I was like, but mostly this workshop is just about you understanding now how much you've been holding yourself back in this brand? You know, The what's the worst thing that's gonna happen to you if you put it out there on social media? Somebody will tell you what, that you suck? Tell yourself the worst thing. You already do.

[01:11:10] You say, wuss. In fact, you're the one that's already decided other people are gonna say it, so you're the one that invented that idea. And then you'll go looking for it. You'll go looking for the comment that says I suck. It's even worse when people are indifferent.

[01:11:26] When people don't like anything, I always think, oh, I think I'd rather make people angry than indifferent. Because indifference is like, nothing. I'd rather, like, angry is like, angry love. It's okay to have haters. It's okay to put yourself out there.

[01:11:45] It's okay to test out water. But I'm telling you right now, it's time for you to step into this brand and these products. And if you just heard those last 2 hours and you feel like my brand and my product are not where I want them to be, that's what 8 weeks coaching is for. You're either gonna be working on your brand, connection, and clarity for the next 8 weeks, or you're gonna be working on your product value, because you gotta have something to sell my brands, because I'm about to teach you what tangible manifestation is. And the first thing that I need in order to sell and teach you about how to make all this money is a product that you value.

[01:12:21] So if you don't value it, that's what you're gonna focus on. If you've already got that brand and you've already got that product, and now you wanna smash your money in the next 8 weeks and go to the next level of money, let's do that. That's what it's for. Your whole focus here is to go through all of this workshop, work out what you need right now in every single area of your personal brand, and spend the next 8 weeks working through it so that you can smash it into your business And once you take away the shame of money, once you take away or or show people that they don't value themselves or show people they're not putting themselves in their brand, speaking, how many of you right now in this room put your hand up if you picked up your phone, spoke to a reel this week, with your face, smiled at your clients, posted it, and it's still up there. 3.

[01:13:19] Good work. 4. Nikki. Okay. Why didn't anybody else?

[01:13:24] Didn't know what to say. Didn't wanna put myself out there. Who would wanna hear from me? All things I said before I did my very first workshop online? Why bother?

[01:13:42] I'm not good enough? Nobody supports me. I only got 3 likes. See? And none of that feels like I'm connected to this business, I'm connected to this brand, I'm connected to this product, I'm connected to this service, I'm connected to this flow.

[01:14:10] Now, if you have a service system product, brand that you're not connected to, change it. It's not working because you're not connected to it. There's no point flogging a dead horse, change it. Develop it. Grow it.

[01:14:25] Move with it. Stop saying it's failing or it's not working. Change something. People cry all the time. It's not working.

[01:14:33] I can't do this. I can't afford this. Change something. Change the way you think about it. Bring it to the light uncover something you might need that you realize that you're not connected to.

[01:14:43] I bet you I've challenged more people and are they connected to their path right now than anything else already this morning, now I'm gonna challenge you about money. I love teaching people about money. I love teaching business owners about how to make money. I learned how to fish, and I will never go hungry, and I will never be poor, ever again. And if it ever came that I was broke, It wouldn't take me long to get rich again.

[01:15:21] We've done it, we've tested it in full societies, we've redistributed wealth to every living person in country, and guess how long it took the rich to be rich again. And guess how long it took the poor to be poor again? 3 months. Oprah Winfrey paid off 100 debts. Do you remember that?

[01:15:43] 20 years ago, maybe longer, She went back a year later and interviewed all 100 people. The debt ranged from, like, $3000 to, I think, the biggest was, like, a 150,000. Guess how many people were in debt again? 1 year, 100%. Guess how much debt they were in.

[01:16:03] The same amount. Guess why? They didn't

[01:16:05] change anything.

[01:16:05] See what I'm saying? Guys, money is a byproduct. Of what we do. Love is what we connect to. I love this.

[01:16:19] I wanna do this. I wanna create this. I'm connected to this. I show up to this. I have congruency.

[01:16:24] I have certainty. I have commitment. I have consistency. That's how you show up and live because when you're connected to this, you have to show up every day. It's part of you, you're part of this brand.

[01:16:36] That that is is what we're trying to achieve here. Any questions before we break for some lunch?

[01:16:45] Yes. One more. Yes. Okay. Emma asked this kind of at the beginning of last segment, what if I'm really good at something?

[01:16:52] And it's making me the money, but We know it's not letting her up anymore. She's not on her true path at this point, but how does she bridge the gap between needing to pay the bills, but also wanting to do something that lights her up again?

[01:17:07] For starters, we're gonna look at scaling that. Okay. Because there is always a way to scale up. Unfortunately, when you trade money for time, the only way to scale up in your business is to have somebody else do the job for you, which now means you have an employee So it now means that your margin will be sucked away paying this person to do the job that you did. So it's about you evolving up and out and scaling you up and out of that business We will talk about that a lot, but I always say one thing.

[01:17:38] If you're working in a full time job that you hate while you're setting up your business because everybody does it. Mhmm. Why? Can't you just get up and go to work and see these people are giving me $5000 a month to show up while I build my my empire? That you're never grateful.

[01:17:57] You're actually resentful that they are in the way of you having this business. Check out how resentful we are. We're so entitled. I just wanna do this full time, and I hate those. I go there every day, and I work for them, and I hate them.

[01:18:15] They're paying you. Why don't you try and get an employee into your business that resents you every day? Cause you're stopping them from living their truth, and you're stopping them from being in alignment. Because you're paying their wages, you horrible person. That's our mentality.

[01:18:35] Oh, we're so precious. Use it to build something new that you are engaged, replenish to it, find a different way of doing it, find a way to scale up, find a way to scale out, those are your options. There are always options. Yeah? I want you to be in love with this business, but really I want you to be so in love with it that you can just embody all of it because it's who you are and what you want to be, so I really need you to discover who that is.

[01:19:09] It's really important that you do that multiverse and you really work out what you want because if you're walking the wrong path right now, you're living somebody else's rules and somebody else's dreams, and I'm sorry, but if you're a people pleaser and the person that you think you're pleasing believes that you want this, you're the liar, I used to be a people pleaser, then I realized I was a liar. I lied to make other people feel good. I lied and didn't say what I wanted. I lied in said, I would do things that I didn't wanna do to compromise myself and took me further away from the alignment of my business and my dreams. Part of coming to the realization you're on the wrong path is you're about to find out what this new path is, and you need to own it.

[01:19:58] You need to own the path, and that might mean setting new boundaries, changing the way other people judge

[01:20:04] you, and support you in your business. I I

[01:20:04] think one of the cool things about me was never wanted anybody to support me in my business because I was so ferociously independent, but ultimately it was because I didn't want anybody else to tell me what to do. This is my business, my roles, it's my energy, it's my time, it's my income, it's my space, it's my choice when to work, it's my balance, it's my alignment, it's what I want every day. And when I believe I'm worth that, I can create what I want for myself, and then I tell the universe what amount of money I want for it, and I ask for it. That's it. No more people pleasing.

[01:21:01] It's just lying. You're lying. You're lying to yourself. It's okay to say, I don't want what you want for me, and I tried so hard to do it but in doing it, I'm walking further away from what I want, and I'm even resenting your support. Because I haven't owned my truth, but the time has come for me to stop being a people pleaser, and please myself.

[01:21:32] Only when I film my cup can I pour for others only when I love what I do and feel good about what I do, can I give that to other people? It's time to wake up to your true path. Alright. That the true path morning might be the hardest thing to hear, but it also might be one of the biggest catalysts that move you forward in the next 8 weeks or the next 10 years. It's when we get that beautiful brand that we do like and start to hear the voice and the authenticity coming out of us and the desire, and this is what I want, and this is the systems I wanna build, and this is the the products I wanna create and you feel the connection to them, all of a sudden you start to think, I can create anything.

[01:22:23] Not if you have bad money, do you, though? So that's our 3rd pillar. After lunch, we're gonna hit our money, whatever it is

[01:22:31] right now, past present and future. If you're carrying some money pain, you

[01:22:31] get a pad and paper right now. I'm coming for you. Go and eat some lunch.

[01:22:43] Wait. Oh, wait. Don't forget about me.

[01:22:46] Forget about Nikki. Go and eat some lunch. It will come back, but I better make sure that there's not more questions.

[01:22:50] I just wanted to say there are so many people in the chat that are saying that you're speaking to them. I mean, they can just relate to everything you're saying, and, it's very mod motivating and inspiring. So we're excited to hear about money. Also, if you answered no, when Sue asked if you're on your true path, this course can help you. If your business, if your brand isn't where you want it to be, you're in the right spot.

[01:23:15] We've watched thousands of Sue students change their lives, and if they did it, and people are nodding their heads in the audience right now. If they did it, you can do. And this course is only a $199. And in this economy, it's like less than going out to dinner and drinks, sadly. But there's a button that says purchase the recordings under the live video And if you do that, you end up with these recordings that you can watch any time from today and tomorrow.

[01:23:41] You get the 8 weeks of live coaching. You get the workshop, the PDFs, all the things. So make sure you get that course?

[01:23:50] So we are gonna give you this, with, Jen Jen Swadinas in the chat. Jen is my right hand there. Jen has created a PDF for this class when it's purchased to get all of it. So everything you said there will be you can get in that PDF too.

[01:24:04] Yep. And we'll be back in just about 45 minutes after we eat lunch. Thank you.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 2 ====