==== Start of Transcript: Sue Blog Post - Money ====

Let’s talk about money. Money is a value metric. If you are a personal brand and you want to make money, listen to this!

I love to teach solopreneurs and creatives how to monetize because I grew up working class with no education, and I soon learned I wasn’t going to make money if I did not learn more.

I teach creatives how to build a personal brand and the seven pillars you have to build around YOU:

1. Brand
2. Product and Number
3. is MONEY – that’s how important it is!

Most people can create a website and social media, and even develop a product or service.

BUT step 3 is MONEY, and if you have bad money energy, YOU WILL GO NO FURTHER. There are five levels to MONEY:

1. Survival
2. Stabilization
3. Management
4. Accumulation
5. Investment

SURVIVAL is living month to month with horrible money pain. STABILIZATION is when debt is in control, just enough to scrape by. MANAGEMENT is starting to save an emergency fund. These three equal $ Pain.

What is money pain, you ask? It’s actually guilt and shame! Aka NOT GOOD ENOUGH.

That’s why you can’t grow a business from “I’m not good enough” energy but please validate me by buying from me even though I can’t sell myself because I am not good enough.” Oh yes, this was my startup story. I know when you have $ Pain:

- YOU can’t ask for money.
- YOU can’t sell.
- YOU certainly can’t close.
- YOU can’t keep money.
W
hy? Well, it’s simple: YOU don’t believe you’re good enough! You have no direction for money. You have no boundaries around $. You only ask for enough, and that’s what shows up, just less than enough! Never more.

IF YOU ARE STUCK in the first three levels, WELL… You don’t value money! And you don’t value yourself! And everyone says, “YES, I DO!”

Then why don’t you have any?

ACCUMULATION is savings with direction and connection, and INVESTMENT is when your money begets money.

Which level were your parents in growing up? Which one are you now? Is this pattern yours or theirs?

Not only is it fascinating to see your parents’ patterns mirrored in you, but maybe you are the extreme opposite because of how you were raised. Maybe you had parents that were accumulators and investors, but they were tightfisted, controlling, possessive, or manipulative, so you see $ as evil. Just see what level you’re currently at. And if you want to know WHY, SIMPLY CHECK in on your $ past. You are likely mirroring their patterns.

This really comes down to you asking for more. That’s why number four of the big pillars of a brand is equal exchange of value. This is a hard concept when you have low value! How can you value yourself more, value your product more, value your time more, and value your service more? You have to believe in yourself more in order to ask for more, and then you have to start acting like you’re more.

When a personal brand says it’s not working, I say it’s because you don’t value it, because you don’t value you.

When you align your dreams and goals with your heart’s desire, working in your full purpose, when you work with self-value in equal exchange of value, and when your actions and words and intentions and joy are in alignment, you make magic, and magic makes money.

When I hear the word MANIFEST, I hear the word FANTASY.

I want a Maserati GranCabrio. But sitting on the couch with my hands down my pants ain’t manifesting me that car. Because there’s no PATH to it. SIMPLE.

For me, business is tangible manifestation.

Meaning:

- Create a BRAND
- Develop a PRODUCT
- Price it | Value it | Sell it

YOU KNOW those first three simple steps.

I meet hustlers all day! People who want to make money. A hustler wants to make deals but has nothing to sell. GET SOMETHING TO SELL.

I NEED MONEY. Cool, who are you? What do you do? Who do you do it for? How much? What are you selling?

Question for you: Do you love your brand right now? Do you love your products? Really love them? And do you value these two things enough to sell them with confidence? WHY NOT? I always say to businesses, you don’t have a sales problem. You have a value problem. You have to value it before you can sell it.

The steps to manifest are: thought is creation, vision is clarity, authenticity is your truth, it’s connected and heart-activated, alignment brings action, honor your intuition/gut instinct, your creativity, and lastly gratitude. ENJOY it! 

The verb synonyms of MANIFEST are:

- DECLARE it
- CONFIRM it
- EMBODY it
- DEMONSTRATE it
- PROVE it

The more I valued myself, the more others did too. I unfolded my path and grew in value. This is a constant flow. I am still growing. I continue to grow in value and evolve my business. Now I focus on what is joyful to me.

 

You can change your money pain. You can break generational poverty. You can change your self-value. You can change your business. I am living, breathing proof of that.

I love MONEY. Not for the love of MONEY but for the freedom and joy it brings me and my family. Learning this CHANGED MY LIFE.

In 2020, I was able to buy my Mum a house. I speak my gratitude every day for every penny that has come my way. I manifest my life, my wealth, health, support, love, balance and freedom and I share it with as many people as I can.

Through this journey, one of the greatest lessons was to truly know who I am and love who I am so that I can know what I want and also love the path to it. I create a vision for myself and see it with clarity. I speak it up. I speak it forward. I speak it into existence. I speak from the heart because authenticity is the truth. It’s my truth, my heart’s desire; connection is heart activation. I have certainty and conviction—this is alignment. When your mind, voice, goals, dreams, and heart are in alignment, this creates action. Your goal every day is to reconnect to this alignment.

Thank you so much for your time today. I wish you well on your business journey.

When you are ready to jump in, the next workshop is September 10-11 with seven weeks of live coaching. 

Let me help you build the PERSON in the BRAND.

==== End of Transcript: Sue Blog Post - Money ====
