==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 8 ====

Segment 8 - Daily Ritual

[00:00:02] Let's wrap up this workshop. I believe that this workshop is about loving money. I believe this workshop is about loving your path, loving yourself, loving your product, loving your business, loving your brand, infusing yourself, your story, your business, your love, your product, and to every part of you. You are the brand. I've proved that to you.

[00:00:25] In the last 2 days, I have proved that you are the brand and that the energy coming out of you is attracting exactly what you're getting right now, and what you have right now is in direct proportion to what you believe you're worth. Now, you know, I call it a daily ritual because every day I have a daily ritual around my business, but the first thing I had to learn was What is VIP time? If this is a calendar and this is my Monday Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and I could see clients at every one of those squares How long would it take me if every one of those squares were booked for me to be exhausted? Okay. Probably 2 weeks.

[00:01:06] And all of us don't consider the amount of time because we don't see our time is valuable. We don't see our presence is valuable. We don't see our energy is valuable. We don't see our time is valuable, and you think you have to work out what the value of your product is, but actually it's the value of your time. Time is the one thing that you can't get back.

[00:01:29] Time is the one commodity that you should never give away over your children. Time is something time. It's time. So it occurred to me that in my business, I was just exhausted upon exhausted upon exhaustion, upon burnout, upon wanting to kill myself, not not wanting to wanting to sorry, excuse me, killing myself, not wanting to do this. So ultimately, what I did one day is I went along into my calendar, and I created some VIP time.

[00:02:04] What's VIP time? It doesn't matter. It's booked. It's VIP time. When somebody says, can I do that on Friday morning?

[00:02:12] I say I can't. I have a VIP, booking. And when they go, can you move it? They go, no, It's a VIP booking. If it was a booking, I could move it, but it's a VIP booking.

[00:02:26] And I can't do that. I also have a VIP midday on Wednesday, but I am available this day, this day, and this day. But nobody gets that, because that's me. I put myself into my own calendar as a VIP, and I said nobody takes nobody is more important in my business than me. Because if it's my time, my energy, and I can't replenish that, then that VIP time is more important to me than those clients are.

[00:03:00] Because if I can't manage those clients, I can't take the next step. And it's really that simple you think it's so easy. These are such basic concepts, as I said before, but they're not because when you're overgiving, you'll burn yourself out with no VIP time. So every single day, I take VIP time. What do I do?

[00:03:20] Move my body if it needs to move? I replenish myself creatively. I learn something I take the day off. It doesn't matter. It's what I want to do in that time, and what's important is that I give myself the time.

[00:03:35] So I am a creator, I don't work, I create. Alright. It's that simple. I don't work, I create. And I started to change everything to I create, I I create time, I create experiences, I create, a product of value, I create a fun ex an I create entertainment, I create engagement, I create communities, I create products, I create services, and all of a sudden this idea that I was a creator was so powerful for that I realized I don't work, I just create, and I connect people.

[00:04:13] And you know what? It's kind of like this, all of a sudden, I realize I am a creator. Oh wait, I create my day. I create my income. And if I create all of that, nobody else is in charge of that, it's me.

[00:04:27] This is why you always stop every single day and say, why do I wanna grow? Cause it's my business. Why do I wanna change? Because it's my life. Why do I want to do this?

[00:04:38] Because it's what lights me up. Why do I want an income? Because I don't want somebody else to tell me these rules anymore. And all of a sudden, this idea that I could be autonomous and pay myself, and actually be successful was it's my value, it's my choice, it's my content, it's my connection, it's my product, my time, my energy, my mastery, my gifts, my purpose, and my income, which means it's all about me. It's all for me.

[00:05:09] You are the purpose. You don't build a business for your children. You build a business so your children can watch you build the business you wanted to build. And then your children will know they can build a business that they want. You don't do it for somebody else.

[00:05:27] You do it for you. So if it's for me and it comes from me, It's all about me. But really, it's about you. Well, it's about me. Oh, it's about you, but it's what I can do for you.

[00:05:43] But it's really about you, but it's about me, but it's really about you. Okay. Because it's for you. The product is for you, but it was for me first. And then it's for you, but first, I gotta say it's for me.

[00:05:58] And then I gotta say this is all about you, and it's for you, but it's really about me. And do you understand everyone gets stuck in the it's all about me, but it's not. It's really about you. It's how I can connect with you and how I can serve you and how I can make your life better by being me. There's a little bit of confusion when we start to put ourselves out there.

[00:06:19] Is this about them, or is this about me? Cause right now, I'm thinking it's about them, but mostly it's about me, and I'm trying to make it about me, but I'm making it about them. It's about you. It's about me. But it's really about you, and that's a personal brand.

[00:06:33] Everything I do and everything I put out there is about me, but it's in relation to you. And if you can get the balance, and people always say to me, when you teach Sue, you talk about yourself, but you don't just talk about yourself, you kind of talk about yourself to me in a way that's for me. And I go, yeah, because I'm telling you what I went through, and you're just resonating with my truth. That's it. You're identifying with that part of my path.

[00:07:03] If you've never walked the path that I've walked, you won't understand what I'm saying. When I tell you I get cotton mouth telling people how much my prices are to you, you might say, why would you struggle to speak out money, but for me, cotton mouth, and if you've had cotton mouth, you're gonna know exactly what I'm talking about too afraid to say your prices. So you will resonate with each one of my stories. Now as a business owner, I have a rule. In the morning, when I get up in the morning, my daily ritual is no email and no social media until my daily ritual has been completed.

[00:07:38] Why? Social media and email is other people wanting something from you. They want your time, they want your money, they want your connection, they want your energy, and they want you to give it to their business when you open social media and email, people are requesting things, they want answers, they want, you know, bookings, everything that happens in that moment is asking for something and giving. And until you've done your daily ritual, you do not touch your phone. Your first priority is process, my emotional self, and my thought self.

[00:08:14] Every morning, that's what you do. You wake up, you know, pick up social media and decide that it's a bad day just because of what you saw. You're going to attract what you're feeling when you open social media, what you look for is what's inside you. That's what you're gonna find. Your second priority is reconnect to your path, your goals, the dream that you've written out until you can feel the timeline to it, because when you feel the timeline to it, you know that you're activated.

[00:08:42] And right about there, you've processed the thought self, you've processed the emotional self, you've got connected to what you want again, and your 3rd priority is to prioritize your VIP time because the VIP that you are only has this much time. To achieve as much as they can and their business that's connected and joyful. And if that time and that time and that time needs to be for your kids, then it minimizes what's left. And every time you leave yourself out of that, you give yourself away to other people, and you stop giving to yourself, and you get out of balance too quickly. Step number 4 is then after you have gone through your processing, your emotional self, do I feel good today?

[00:09:29] What are my thoughts I'm a little bit worried about that. I'm gonna process all of that. We're good. I'm going to prioritize, reconnect to my path, and then prioritize my time for this week to achieve all of this incredible goodness and creativity. Then before social media, I take care of my family, partner, pets, or anything that needs to be done because I can do most of that emotional processing in the shower.

[00:09:55] You know, if you're working on something like money and it's not coaching, you have to do a daily ritual, which I'll give you next week in the coaching, then you can show up every day to your daily ritual and go through your 3rd priority, which is prioritizing me time, because that's when we prioritize the goals again until your goals are fit into your weekly calendar. And it doesn't take long before creating becomes VIP time. When people say to me, what are you doing tomorrow? I don't work. I create, so tomorrow, I'm going to create.

[00:10:31] And when they say, what are you creating right now? I say, well, I figured I'll probably create more marketing around the workshop I just did. I'll create, like, responses and content around all the beautiful videos and the testimonials I get. I'll create, the next workshop. Like, in my head, I can create whatever I want.

[00:10:52] But what I'd do is I would block out that time and inevitably it takes over. So every single day, it comes down to this. You have a body, a human body. You have a soul. Alright?

[00:11:08] So every single day, I process myself like this. Today, my body needs 1 or more of these things. Today, my body needs 1 or more of these things. And I have this as a checklist in the morning, where I can look and say, what does my body really need? My physical self, my balancing, my physical stress?

[00:11:32] What do I need? And those are physical needs. Alright? Cause you can spend time hating your body, but that means you hate your life and you're just saying it's your body. But the truth is is your body just needs one of those.

[00:11:48] It needs to sleep, man. It needs to replenish, so if you're working too hard and not getting paid, you need some VIP time. Mostly it needs restoration, sometimes it needs strength and mobility for sure, needs nourishment and hydration, have a shower. If you think everyone hates you, you need to eat. Sorry, if you hate everyone, you need to eat.

[00:12:11] If you think everyone hates you, you need to sleep. And if you hate yourself, you need a shower. And if you follow those 3 things, I swear to god, they will fix you in that moment. If you hate everyone, you need to go and eat, you're hangry. If you think everyone hates you, you need to sleep.

[00:12:31] You need to go to sleep and reset yourself. Trust me, when you make up, it will be okay. And if you hate yourself, go and wash. Wash the energy off you. It's just a feeling, and you can get so overwhelmed as a business owner, but your body has basic needs.

[00:12:46] Don't hate your body. It does everything you tell it. And when you stress relieve for your body, eating the Costco pound cake, you can hate yourself over it, or you can say I'm doing this for stress relief. And I acknowledge that. It doesn't matter.

[00:13:01] Just acknowledge the stress and know that you can process anything in your physical body. Now your mind, your mind is the thinking space in which you attract from, your mind needs one of these things. Maybe your mind needs some peace of mind today. Maybe it needs to reframe a mindset or break a loop of comparison or ego. Maybe you need to process some anger.

[00:13:26] Maybe you need to make plans and goals and then connect to them, connect your creativity, maybe you need to replenish yourself or set a boundary with somebody, maybe you need to process strong emotion around a client, or around a partner, or around a family member that said something to you, if you do not address things things in your mind, they become loops. When the loops become stories, old stories, and self doubt, you get stuck in comparison, ego, anger, and you just lost a day of creativity. And while you were stuck in that stupid loop, of something you couldn't set a boundary around or communicate around I was creating. And while I was creating, I was making money and connections, and I was making joy. So you can choose to free your mind in the same way that you free your body.

[00:14:13] You just look at this list and say, what does my mind need today? And I need some help just thinking about this thing, because it's the thinking space, the internal self that is attracting, and feeling I also understand my soul needs something different than what my body and my mind needs, and maybe my soul is my creative self. It's the deeper knowing. It's more than the mind or the body I need nature, I need nurture, you know, I have watched a lot of people, come through as coaches, and I've connected and made friends with a lot of people. There's a couple of mentors in my group that don't have connections to their mom.

[00:14:58] And I do. I'm lucky to have a great mom, but they don't. And I watch sometimes these women get up on stage, and I can see that they're coming into their full power and their confidence but there wasn't a mum that looked at them and said, I'm so proud of you. And this is your goodness and your power. And look at my daughter, standing up there, and her goodness and power sharing herself and, you know, it's the funniest thing because I identified their their goodness and their power as being like, I can see them connecting to it, but also looking out to see if it's good enough and if it's powerful.

[00:15:36] And I think if the if the parents connect to that, I I do feel sometimes there's a coach like a pseudo mum that I might be the mum that can be or the parent, the dad that is like, I'm proud of your kid, and that that's enough. You know, I don't know why that makes me cry, but I I often identify them in see you don't have that, and I know I can be that for you. My soul needs nurture. I need even at at the top of the food chain, when if you're in the lead horse of the parade, even when you're at the the front of everything telling everybody you you've w worked your way to the top. All you get is criticized.

[00:16:15] Once you're at the top, people don't say like, yay. We're gunning for you. People love the underdog, but, man, when you're successful, it gets Lonia, and Lonia, and Lonia. So your goal is to reconnect your soul to this business, and there is distinctly 3 very different energies. Let me take you back.

[00:16:32] Your body needs something here. Today, right now, a physical need. Your mind needs to process something here, or it will get stuck in egon comparison. Alright? And your soul Your connection needs something here.

[00:16:52] And when you're working from that true place, you find all of this. Your soul needs this. This should be on your Thrive budget if there's something on here, it's like, what can I put on there that's part of my life? I want more of this. This is connection and deeper meaning.

[00:17:10] So every day I wake up and I clear my mind. And then I clear my mind and I process emotion that I've been carrying because I'm here for emotional intelligence, and that is self management and self awareness. I process my emotion and then I clear my physical space. I prepare my physical space to create. I book my VIP time, which is me, and that means once I've decided where my time will go for that week, I write an action list my day, and I don't put more than 3 big things on it at a time because I am only capable of focusing on 1, 2, 3, and so are you, and you can usually do 1, 2, 3, and 90 minutes of concentrate and focus.

[00:17:58] And then I realize after I've worked out what my top 3 priorities are, I activate and delegate that list, and then I go to my emails, and then I go to my social media. And as far as I'm concerned, I've found a way to process this business owner that has stress, that has big choices to make, big decisions to make, that has to replenish, restore, balance herself, come back, be valuable again, infuse themselves into the creative content in every way, shape, or form without burning out while I'm asking for equal exchange, and I need some time. I need some process to do this. If you walk away from anything from this workshop, I need to know this. I started here, and I'll finish here, and it's not what do you want, and it's not what do you want?

[00:18:51] It's what do you want? And what are you gonna create? This is my favorite author. He wrote a book called The Science of Getting Rich. It's Had to read because it's in old English, so people struggle with it, but it's one of my all time favorite manifestation books.

[00:19:11] Doing what you want to do is life. And there is no real satisfaction living if we are compelled to be forever doing something which we do not like. The desire to do it is proof. You have within you the power which can do it. Desire is a manifestation of power.

[00:19:34] That's it. You know, where there is desire, there is power. Desire is appetite, desire is love, and desire is passion. Hey, it's also yearning. Desire is greed.

[00:19:54] Did you know that? Desire is craving. These are all synonyms of desire when people say desire feels like yearning, desire feels like craving or greed, yes, it does. It can if it doesn't come from an authentic place, but it's also just the desire to have something and want something for yourself, you know, desire becomes blocked when you take no action to it, and desire becomes a tuning when you don't create a timeline to it. Now, tuning hardens the heart And that's when you're sitting there going must be nice.

[00:20:31] I can't have that because. Do you know what suffering is? Suffering is yearning for something that you want, but don't have. Suffering is uning for someone that you want but can't be with. Suffering is uning to be different, but not changing yourself.

[00:20:54] Mhmm. Suffering is uning to be good enough, but not doing the steps to become good to yourself and feel good. It's expecting other people to make you feel good, and suffering is yearning to be loved, seen, or heard. Nobody in this world should yearn to be seen. Because if you think nobody sees you, you don't see you.

[00:21:19] You choose not to. You choose to always be someone that's not seen, and you can't do that when you have a brand and a business. So, you know, yearnings that's why we suffer. We don't get what we want. Suffering is not having that which you want.

[00:21:40] Not having, not being with the people you wanna be with. It's suffering. So it tells me when you build a business, all of this sort of resistance. If that's why we suffer, then start creating what you want. Every day, start creating what you want, then you don't earn for anything.

[00:22:00] You've changed I want to I create, and you are you are in alignment with what you want. You have so much clarity. You can focus on it every day, and focus and emotion will attract and bring it to you. You know, in order to break the loop of self hate, they did a study, and in the test study, they told a big group of people that they were good enough with positive affirmations. You're amazing.

[00:22:23] You're good enough. And then they told a whole lot of people that they they sucked, and they were terrible. And then they told a whole lot of people over here, instead of telling them they sucked, and instead of telling them they're awesome, they told them to stop hating themselves. And when they said, how do I do that? That every time you think a nasty thought, just bring it up and say, oh, I don't think like that anymore.

[00:22:45] Just stop the hate. You don't have to love it. Just stop the hate. Guess which control group outperformed the other 2 by 800 time percent. The people who were just told to stop hating themselves, it's not the process of hating yourself, it's the how long you stay in a focus of hate.

[00:23:04] You're attracting more hate. So if you stay in a focus of not hate and you stop that self hate straight away and you just go back to a relaxed mind, you go back to attracting. It's that simple. If there is resentment, you need to set boundaries. If you are venting, gossiping, or you feel better, you need to set boundaries.

[00:23:23] It means you're out of alignment, you're living somebody else's dreams. If there's people pleasing, get a life. I did. By design, get a life, man. Stop trying to please other people.

[00:23:38] You don't have to live up to their expectations anymore. That's what they want. That might have been your mother's voice. Who cares? Is she running your business?

[00:23:49] That might have been your father's voice. Was he paying your wages? Is he paying your income? It's time to stop pleading other people. It's time to get alive by design with intention, start create start crafting the life you want.

[00:24:04] Like, that's it. You know, I want people to focus here. Focus on the people you wanna be near. Like, focus on what you truly want in life, not to be important or sane, those aren't those aren't goals or manifestation, focus on the house you wanna live in. I love my house.

[00:24:24] I've lived in some hit holes in my life. And for the first time in my life, I own this one, and it's my house. And I don't know what that means to anybody else, but for me, I was forty seven years old, when I got that. And I worked so hard for it. I dreamed about it.

[00:24:43] I created it for myself. Focus on the relationships you wanna have. Focus on the healthy body that you wanna enjoy. Just whatever that is, stop trying to have a metric around it. And just is this the body that I like?

[00:24:57] And if it's not, work with the body that you want to enjoy, where do you wanna live? Who do you wanna spend time with? What are experiences you wanna have? Where do you wanna travel to? What do you wanna learn?

[00:25:07] What do you wanna grow? What are you gonna invest in? It's life is exciting when you can create in it. Right? Money is a byproduct.

[00:25:11] Love is a verb. Money is a byproduct of fulfillment and value. I promise you that the more I loved myself, the more valuable I came became, the more I could ask for equal exchange, the more I could ask for more. The more authentic my voice became, and the more I loved my brand and what I was saying, the easier it was to put myself out there. The easier it was for me to show people my most authentic self.

[00:25:50] And as that increased, my value increased, and as my goals increased, I said I want more, and then god said, so step up and be more. So I started to become more and treat myself like more, and I got more. And then everybody said, where did you get all that more from? And I said, well, I just got up, and I said, I want more. And I started to walk towards more, and I became more, and I had more, and that's where you get more.

[00:26:15] So if you would like more, come. Come with me. There's more for everyone. I don't believe my success has taken away from a single human soul because if it did, it wouldn't be success. Right?

[00:26:31] And I know one simple truth, and I'm asking for questions now because it's q and a time, and then I'm out of here. We're going for a wrap party. And the truth is is at the end of the day, I know one thing you sit down and look at this, I'm like, wow, I built a brand around me. Who would have believed that? And you can too.

[00:26:56] And maybe your brand will make $50,000 as a side hustle, or maybe it'll make $500,000 as an income. And maybe your partner will see you and go, wow, look at you, I wanna work with you, and then you'll build a different world and a different life for yourself. But it's it's by design. You've seen the path to a 1,000,000, you've seen the path to 10,000,000, you've seen the path to a 6, 7, 8 figure business. It's just structure, and you just have to decide the path you wanna work, walk, but all I know is if I look at all the pillars around me, I realize the first pillar is personal brand, building that brand, that identity.

[00:27:33] I realize the product is what I do, and what I sell, I realized that the money exchange was really my internal value set, so that's why I needed to work on my money value. And then I realized my equal exchange was out of balance when I couldn't ask for what I what I was owed. And then you set up your systems, and then you create a service and experience that fulfill people that you show up to every single day, right? And then you create the systems around you that keep the momentum of money locked in so you have a booking system and you get your taxes and your money systems. And before you know it, these systems around you are systems of confidence because they keep this money and momentum and clients coming towards you.

[00:28:14] And then you get to the last bit, which is marketing yourself, and you realize I've been marketing myself wrong. I've been holding back the selling voice, thinking I was selling, but really I'm just sharing and engaging and showing and loving. And when I go back to that, I start to attract people. And then when I really connect with people, I can give them the final offer of value, and the offer of value to the product or value is, is this a product or an experience that you would like to have? Yes or no?

[00:28:50] And that's selling. And all of that when I connected it to me in my alignment with my self value made me wealthy and joyful, and successful. And I want that for you. And I don't care how good people save their products or their mastery is until you get to this kind of connection and confidence. You don't see people win.

[00:29:18] You see people struggle. I didn't come here to struggle. I came here to create. Right? What you got?

[00:29:31] Okay. Judy has an interesting question. She said Sue is all about authenticity. And Judy said she is as well. But as far as being your brand, what if you're basically boring?

[00:29:42] No hobbies. Don't really have anything that is joy. Something interesting. For example, Nicky posted a roller skating video. You're working on building back up your confidence.

[00:29:53] In the meantime, if you're boring.

[00:29:56] You're not boring. Yeah. I'm boring. I'm a very boring human girl. I do.

[00:30:03] I am boring. Trust me. I'm not that fun. I stopped being fun a long time ago. I just thought I'm I'm kind of boring.

[00:30:10] Well, people have different ideas fun.

[00:30:11] Yeah.

[00:30:12] I mean, we don't go clubbing. Okay.

[00:30:13] You know? So if you say you're boring, what you're saying is that what you have has no value. And the truth is is it doesn't matter whether you think you're quiet or boring, or you know, you speak another language, or anything, you have something of value. We just have to find out what that value is, and you have to find out what that value is. But, you know, saying I'm boring is like saying I'm old or saying I'm fat, those are irrelevant.

[00:30:38] They're just facts. They're just Well, they are. They're facts. They're not emotions. It's like, I can somebody goes you're fat, and I'll be like, thanks.

[00:30:48] Yeah. Kinda, man. But, you know, that's just a fact. Like, you know, and something hurtful would be, you know, you're a bad person, but I was like, people are just saying facts, like I'm boring, or I'm fat, or I'm old. I'm always like, yep.

[00:31:00] And now you can just be fat, boring, and old with other fat, boring, old people, because I'm also boring. And I like people that share something like, a book they've read, or, you know, you can't be that boring. But, yeah, everything we say, what about if I'm like this? What if I'm different? What if I'm this?

[00:31:20] What if I'm this? You find your people I say it's a freak flag. Okay? You're a little weird on one side, and you're wonderful on the other, and you just if you get your freak flag, especially in this country, you can pick up a little freak flag and be like, I don't know how this is gonna go, but guys, I'm kind of a little bit of a freak, and all the other little freaks are like, oh, no, bye, no, bye. And then and then you haven't only fans.

[00:31:40] Kidding, and then then you have a platform. And then everyone calls you a cult later. And then it's like, okay, but that's what you do. You go kind of, I'm a little freak, and everyone's like, I'm a little freak too. And it's like, oh, the little freaks sit together.

[00:32:00] And you go, yeah, come on. Come on freaks over here. It's like, we find our freaks, man. I found my freaks. We're all wet and wonderful, and none of us are exciting.

[00:32:10] I mean, I'm sure if I was like, Okay. How's this? I used to photograph beautiful images. So whatever was on my social media, my words were super powerful, but the image they were looking at was something I made. I don't make photos anymore, so now I have to put my face there, and now I'm getting not quite the engagement.

[00:32:40] And I was like, well, I guess I don't have that beautiful photo, you know, part of my brand anymore, so I have to rely back on my face and my voice. And that's okay. It's like, I thought who would want that? And I was like, well, they don't want it. They'll unfollow me.

[00:32:55] It's okay. You know, you know, everybody's cup of tea. You can't make everybody happy. You're not pizza.

[00:33:05] Gigi has a question Are there some, like, real broken down step by step ways to do all of this? He said, I want, or she, not sure, wants a healthy body free from illness. I do all I can to create this, and still my immune system cannot get well enough to be out in public around people.

[00:33:23] Yes. Because a lot of people deal with their physical health, but not their emotional health, and and they say that there's a significant amount of autoimmune disease. They've noticed percentage wise, and you can Google this. They're finding out this huge percentage of autoimmune disease of 1st born children. And because they have this expectation of perfection, that the other children don't get, and they seem to be getting autoimmune diseases, we know there's a 140 something called immune diseases and they come from the gut, but the gut is emotional health.

[00:33:56] And we look at physical, mental, and emotional stress, but we don't realize that we're all significantly managing all three. And you don't realize how much. So until you go to replenish yourself, that's why I talk about it in a daily ritual, because until you can't get up tomorrow because a client did something or said something. So we are always trying to manage our emotional selves but when you can't hit something physically, you have to hit it meta physically also, and that is how I feel about it. What's the emotion here?

[00:34:29] What is the trauma that's in my body that is translating into the illness? And unfortunately, with autoimmune diseases, that's where it comes from. So we have to go to our emotional self in order to process so that we can be good business owners. This starting to sound like therapy, it is. That's why it's a daily control of self help?

[00:34:53] I have several more questions. Go. Jenna's really concerned about the security of her creative work and business content with AI and the fear around that and how does she work through her fear that AI. Yeah.

[00:35:07] Well, a fear of anything means it's coming towards you. So keep attracting what you're most afraid of because it's about to happen. You can't be afraid of your creativity going out in the world. It's not yours. It comes through you.

[00:35:23] It's not you don't you can't be possessive of creative energy. When you're designing something in this part of the world, somebody in the in the axis of the earth on the other side is designing the same thing, drawing the same picture. AI or not, this has always happened. And ironically, you see it, and you're like, I creatively channeled this, and I was like, so did they And creativity is a gift and an energy that you are given that you create in, and we have too much ownership in that space. It's not yours.

[00:35:58] Also, very few people in this world create anything original. You might think it is, but it's not. And so you actually spend time possessive over your work instead of sharing it because you're afraid of it. Now don't be afraid of your work being stolen. It will be.

[00:36:14] This workshop has already been Dolan. It's it's just what happens. People are horrible, and they do terrible things, but it doesn't impact you moving forward in your business if somebody steals from you. So you can't spend any energy around thinking about what you don't want to happen, because that just makes it happen.

[00:36:37] Okay. Skye said, you mentioned something you mentioned about creating something you love, and for me, that is creating workshops and mini courses for other artists. But what if you spend all the time creating nobody buys? Do you create a couple and just experiment and make them anyway?

[00:36:53] Nope. You create one. And then you try and sell that. And if it doesn't sell, you work out why. Maybe it was too expensive.

[00:37:01] Maybe you didn't give enough information. Maybe you didn't give enough curriculum. Maybe you didn't give enough support. Work out why it didn't sell. Go back.

[00:37:09] Try again. This time. Replenish it. I don't make something and say, I hope it sells. I make something and I say, is it good enough?

[00:37:16] Is it connected? Is it valuable to me? Do they like it? What's wrong with it? How do I develop it?

[00:37:21] Can I beta test it? If you wanna write workshops for people and they're not selling, they can't be very good work shops, because if you keep writing workshops that nobody wants to buy, make one workshop that people want. And the best way to do that is create a coaching track and beta test the workshop with 3, four, five people for free that will give you an incredible testimony but only pick people that can move the needle for you and pick people that will actually use the content so that you can use them using the content. Once you've beta tested it, you can sell it, but if something's selling. It's not connected to you yet, or it's not connected to the audience yet.

[00:37:59] Natalie said, thank you for this amazing workshop. I'm pumped for 8 weeks of accountability to see all this clarity through. Question for Sue. What is the what's she, what are you most excited about in the 8 weeks of coaching?

[00:38:12] Watching people go up one level of money? Mhmm. Like, if I can get you to a cumulator or see, you have no idea how much this means to me. Like, I need you to make money. Don't you?

[00:38:23] I I'll do everything. I've just sang sang I'm guys, it's like, you can make money, and it's like, come on now, lunch. Now we're gonna, like, I I hope think to myself. Me, like, here's lots of different ways. Show it like, share it, dance with it.

[00:38:39] Like, I'm not giving you all these avenues to be successful. So it's that the goal is, please go up at money level. Like, just take one big step up at money level, or or finish a product that you're so proud of, that you're so proud of that you are, like, putting it out there and going, so I'm finally, like, selling my stuff because it's so good. Oh, can you see this? Get some confidence to walk into a networking event and be seen.

[00:39:09] Oh, can you feel that? I wanna see you I wanna see you lock in your brand and your face, and I want to see you show up to that voice, and that authentic social media, and I want to see you there going, this is who I am. Hey. And it's real, and this is me, and this is what I want. I want you to reconnect, like reconnect to the value of who you are in this product and why you built this in the first place.

[00:39:40] And what are you doing here? Shift your focus? They focus in emotion. I want you to wake up every day and say, daily ritual. Daily ritual.

[00:39:49] My daily ritual is focused on emotion. What do I want and how do I feel about it? What am I focused on and how do I feel about it? Every time I watch somebody take a step like that, my heart explodes. Because every time I see people do one of those things, they change their business, and then they change their life, and then they come up to me, and they go like this, and it always makes me laugh because people go, when they first look out to meet me, they and I'm like, it's coming out.

[00:40:26] Like, here it's come. Here it comes. Lovely. You change my life. And I go, oh, did not?

[00:40:33] Cause we've never met. And then they're like, and I'm like, dude, you did. I just told you the story and gave you some ideas freed your mind and said, Hey, you could walk this way, you could connect this way, you could build this way, you could be more. I know when people meet me as a friend, Like, they don't know anything that I, like, don't they're not coaching clients, you know, I have just normal friends. And when they meet me as a friend, people often are like, they want to upgrade some part of their life.

[00:41:11] Even if it's like, the way they do their hair and makeup. My friends have voiced me, like, you always look good. You always do, and I'm always like, and I guess I'm always leading the way on asking for more and being more. And I'm all so a doer and an action taker, so that makes me a formidable friend, right? Because when I say I'm gonna do something, look out, get out of my way.

[00:41:35] That's kind of my MO. So I'm like, you know, I always wanna just reconnect to what I want and what I enjoy also every single day, but ultimately being able to wake up every day and say I'm a creator. I'm self employed. I create. And when people say, do you work?

[00:41:51] I go, I create. It's not really work. And they all, what do you mean by that? My friends say walk me through your day. And I go, well, first, I do my daily ritual.

[00:42:00] And after my daily ritual, I move my body, right? Cause I gotta look after the vessel, and also have a pug vessel that I have to look after, so that, like, gets me out. And then after I've done that, I come back to my house and I create whatever I want to create. And the more freedom I give myself to be that and create that, the more amazing my creations are. Right?

[00:42:27] Bridget is wondering how feasible it is to do all of this without a team like you had, which I would love to say that I've never had a team. I've never had an assistant.

[00:42:38] Wait a minute. Do what with a team? I I build a personal brand with no team. The only team you see today are the filming me. Yeah.

[00:42:45] If you wanna live broadcast, you can do it with your phone. I do. I just do these big ones with a crew. This is a production crew. You acting like this team is doing all of this for me.

[00:42:58] Ah, they didn't write this content. They didn't deliver this content. They filmed me so that you could watch it, and I could do that to my iPhone, except for it, better when I pay them to do it. So I know that people see this Oh, Subrice is so lucky. And I was like, yeah, I built that team, person by person.

[00:43:17] And every person that I put into the team, when I asked for a new person to come, I asked the team that was already there, if that's the right person. And when that team nodded, I included them in my team, and I built her family around me, and I was successful before I did all of that. So I used to stand up on stage, and introduced myself when I first got to the US. My name is Sue Bryce. I am not a rich wife, and I am not a trust fund baby.

[00:43:51] Why would I say that? Because I thought when people looked at me that they would just think I was a rich wife. I also used to say I'm not a rich wife yet. Anyone would laugh, and then I'd say, and I'm not a trust fund baby. But if you were a rich wife and you were supported by your partner or you were a trust fun baby, props to you.

[00:44:14] My god, I wish I'd had either of those 2 things. I realized in saying it, I wanted you to know that this was not given to me, and it's not given to you even with a rich husband or a rich wife, and it's not given to you. Nothing is given to you. You have to want it, and then you have to empower it. And it doesn't matter if you've got a trust fund or a a partner that supports you, I just didn't have those things, and it was important that I communicated that, and I didn't have an education because I was going against everything that I was told, and it made my story understandably more connectable because you realized that she did it all out there on her own.

[00:44:58] Nobody just gave it to her. Well, I've watched people become successful in the last 15 years of coaching, and it didn't matter whether they have a successful spouse or not. It was whether they had the drive and the connection to show up to this every day and infuse it with value and do it every day until it got more and more valuable, and they just kept evolving within there. That the secret. That's the magic.

[00:45:25] I wanna read a couple comments if that's okay. Bridget said Sue is a true giver. I've seen all of her students learn to be givers What a better world we live in because

[00:45:35] of them? Learn to be givers. I love that. I love Or balance givers, an equal exchange of value.

[00:45:42] Mhmm. Indeed. I made it. I'm in. I got the course.

[00:45:44] I'm happy because I've received so much already, and I'm grateful. We love D. Lee.

[00:45:50] This is your opportunity. You can buy this class whenever you want, but if you want to get the coaching and you want the discount, you have to buy it right now. That's where we're going. Join me for 8 weeks coaching. I'm gonna be live here every Thursday.

[00:46:03] I will have a live audience to connect with because I get more from these people in this room, and I'd just like to say thank you to all of these people. Because you've all given me so much energy in the last 2 days. I haven't done a 2 day for a long time. It takes a lot to do 8 keynotes. And I know I'll be catatonic tonight but I'm gonna get in my pool, but I also feel incredibly energized when I get to see people just consume content.

[00:46:33] I just before we wrap it up, I wanna say thank you to my 3 partners that are always a big part of my path forward, and that is George Brownak is my number one partner, and then my other 2 husbands, Aaron Anderson, and Craig Swanson. And I also wanna thank, what you see in here is you see this incredible crew. And the people out there don't get to see them, and I don't ever shout out this crew enough, but Colin Schmezzo is around that corner, and Kellin is tailored media, and Kellin has been with me for 12 years since my very first creative life. And he is a technical director that I've, the best that you will ever work with in your life. Thank you, Kellan.

[00:47:18] And the crew that he has with him today is Sierra and Carl, and you often hear me say Sierra's name because Sierra's an often a cam up for me when I do my lives and, you know, when I do any of my broadcast, that is the people here that brought this broadcast together. Then I think Jen Swadine, Jen is in the chat, Jen is in Charlotte, North Carolina. Oh my gosh. Where are you, Jen?

[00:47:40] North Carolina.

[00:47:40] Somewhere over there. Jen designed my keynote, all of it. I sent it to her. She designed it. She's my right hand.

[00:47:48] She's my support. And when you email team at surros.com, you get Jen. Okay. That's Jen that you're gonna get, and Jen is from team get shit done. I have to thank my incredible studio host, Melissa Jones, I love you.

[00:48:00] We're born on the same day, and I'm twelve years older, which makes me the same Chinese calendar as well. So we're both we're both demonized and we're both lucky golden pigs. And I love you. I love that you host all of the people in this room and make everyone feel good because I often cannot give enough to the people in this room and I want to give more. And I have to thank my extraordinary host, Nicky Closer.

[00:48:26] I love you. You're one of my best friends. I've been building businesses with you for 12 years, and I still want to build more with you. I think about all the opportunities we can create and all the things we can build together and all I think of is wanting to do more. You know, nobody's irrelevant until their creativity runs out.

[00:48:46] All we get is this chance to work with people we love and to create more in a space that we wanna create in. And I have that, and and that makes my life incredible, but I built that. I built these people around me because that's what you do. When you love your business, you want people to love it too. And I want people to be in my family, and I want people to feel that love when they meet my team, and when they meet the colleagues and the people that I work with.

[00:49:15] I don't have employees anymore. I have not had employees for years. I won't have employees. I have virtual infrastructure, 10.90 nines and contracts only. People will work for you when they contract it.

[00:49:28] They get paid more because the work is there for them when they want it. They have a higher engagement, and they're more invested in you, your brand, and then I get to work with like minded people. As soon as Jason and Kate started working for me, I said, I you will work for me until you are skill, and then I work for you. This is how I work. And inevitably, I will end up working for both of them because they will become more than me, because people supposed to outgrow you in every way, shape, and form.

[00:50:01] I want you to tap into what being riches, and let's start working towards that. I want you to tap into what you really want, and let's start creating it. And now there's no more struggle, there's no more, but how, there's no more what do I do now? Now there is only the concurrency of waking up every day in the alignment you want and following your truest path to do this business. You're a personal brand.

[00:50:25] Stop holding to the noun. Stop holding to the label. You're not just a masseuse, and you're not just a photographer, and you're not just a designer. You are, Subrise, or whatever you are, you are your personal brand, and you offer multiple different services and anything that lights you up and you are valuable doing it. Yeah.

[00:50:41] Fair enough. Thanks, Megan.

[00:50:51] Don't forget $199. You guys, that's it. $199. It's less than a night out of dinner and drinks. You will get so much from this 8 week.

[00:51:03] Coaching from the PDF, from the work book. And if you're noticing a theme, people love learning from Sue. People continue to learn and grow with Sue as they grow. Same. I've seen you speak hundreds of times, and every time I learn something new.

[00:51:17] That's awesome.

[00:51:18] Don't miss out. You know, when you see something on sale and then you regret that you didn't buy it, like, and then you go back and you're like, well, that sucks. It's like double the price or whatever. So do yourself a favor. Get it now a $199.

[00:51:32] And then 8 weeks is gonna be incredible. There will be so many opportunities to ask all the questions. There'll be q and a. We have the live audience. It's gonna be incredible.

[00:51:42] So do yourself a favor. Click on purchase the recordings. And you get to join the community. If you haven't picked up on that either, we all become I mean, I have some lifelong friends from this community. It's it's absolutely incredible, and you wanna be part of it.

[00:51:57] Trust

[00:51:58] I laughed because one of the girls just walked off and said, I need somebody that's an expert on non profit. And Nikki goes, she is. And I was like, oh, wait, come over here. And so she came over, and I was like, there you go, is there anybody else? Because that's what networking should be.

[00:52:17] Right? The people you need are actually sitting beside you, and they're right there. You just gotta ask for help. You got this.

[00:52:26] There's so many thank yous to you happening, and it's going so fast. Sue, you are amazing.

[00:52:30] Thank you. Catch up for me, Calin.

[00:52:32] So much for this extremely valuable workshop. Bless you. Thank you very much. Sue Nicky and team. This has been an amazing 2 days.

[00:52:40] I knew it was gonna be special. Thank you. Someone else said, I'm so grateful. I'm happy with my ear for motivation and getting out of my way. Thank you again.

[00:52:52] I mean, it's just so many beautiful comments.

[00:52:55] Yay. I

[00:52:55] love it. I love it.

[00:52:58] Thank you. I just wanna say thank you for being here. Thank you for giving me your time. When you're ready for me, you know where I am. That's the best part.

[00:53:06] I'm not going anywhere. And by the time you find me again, I'll just have more content.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 8 ====