==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Coaching Week 7 ====

Coaching Week 7 - Marketing

[00:00:00] Sue Bryce | This is evergreen, and I figured people wanna wanna rewatch it without me wearing a a cat suit or something, like normal. I also feel like I'm leaving my hot girl Halloween, and now I'm entering, like, this scary just the scary face. So I was like, I didn't wanna scare you today, but I hope some of you addressed stuff out there. It's good to see everybody here today. I wanna talk about marketing, because I've doing this workshop has really opened up for me a whole new marketing door that I've never taught before.

[00:00:33] Sue Bryce | And when I think of all the business that I've taught in the past, I teach creatives how to make money, but I've specifically spent 15 years teaching photographers, how to make money, and they're terrible at it, by the way. Terrible. That's why I've been doing it for 15 years. So when I think about teaching photographers how to market, that was actually pretty simple because I'd been marketing myself as a photographer for 35 years, but something really significant has changed in my personal brand in the last year, in the last 3 years, and that's I am a sold my photography platform. And now I am coming back to the inter inter webs with a whole new library, business content, and you think that that just transposes from what I had into this new audience, it does not.

[00:01:28] Sue Bryce | You know, the photographers that have followed me to this next stage in my career either have a loyalty to me as an educator or believe that she knows how to teach business. I'm gonna go and do this branding class with her, the speak workshop with her, this next level work up with her, but for the others, they didn't. And just because I was really brilliant in one field does not transpose to this next field. So what it's done is changed my marketing and I am not a beacon of marketing right now because I've been testing the real thing. You know, I've been talking about it a lot.

[00:02:05] Sue Bryce | I've got great examples as to what worked for me, what doesn't work for me, and all the stuff that goes with it. But in the interim, in the last 2 years, everything has changed on Instagram. And as creatives with a visual brand, like photographers, designers, florists, anybody with a visual brand, Instagram was the one place to be. Now it's not unless you're making video, which, you know, you might change your mind after today. But ultimately, Pinterest has come back as a big superpower in that area, and for photographers, designers, florists, Pinterest bring the exact demographic of the mostly women audience that are looking for all the content that you visually show on Instagram.

[00:02:49] Sue Bryce | In the interim, YouTube has gone better and better and better and better. And now you can monetize your own channels, on YouTube, on Vimeo, and a world is available to you. Which one do I choose? What's my mode of expression? So what is when I'm communicating about my business, what is what what am I doing?

[00:03:09] Sue Bryce | Am I posting? Am I blogging? Am I vlogging? Am I making reels? Am I teaching?

[00:03:16] Sue Bryce | Am I dropping tips? Am I doing BTS b roll? What's my style of communication? What do I love the most? What do I avoid the most?

[00:03:25] Sue Bryce | Because the one that you avoid the most, let's face it. You're not going to do it. The one that you love doing is the one that you need to push into, and the one that you're most afraid of, so let's say you're not doing reals because you don't want to put your face in voice on the camera. Well, that's just a confidence problem. And after about 2 or 3 reels and some tiers and about trying about 80,000 times to do the first one, you're going to realize that the only thing stopping you from putting that reel out is this idea that you think you might be judged doing it instead of giving the content for it.

[00:03:58] Sue Bryce | So most of us are marketing completely wrong. I have in the last year made the most stupid mistakes doing real, so I'll show you exactly what they are. And I realized that what it was for me was I had a little bit of a struggle finding my new voice. And the struggle that I had was everything that I said, like, I'm doing this now, guys. Like, this is now what I'm teaching guys.

[00:04:24] Sue Bryce | This is how I'm spending my time, guys. Everything I said sounded like selling. So I stopped posting. Then when I did post, I was trying, does it work if I just take a clip out of one of my workshops, no, it doesn't. It only gets 5, 6, 7 1000 views, so I'm looking at all the algorithms, I'm looking at what shows up, I'm looking at what people like, and what people don't, and I've got some incredible examples of that.

[00:04:51] Sue Bryce | Now throughout this last 8 weeks, I have hammered home to you that I'm looking for clarity. So now when it comes to marketing you in this new business, in this new brand, and you are even creating marketing, Sam, even though your website's not done yet, because you are still forming what your business looks like, today you've got to form how you're going to speak in a marketing voice about that business. So you can start finding your marketing style right about now, even though your business is not fully formed yet, it's gonna come from what problems do I solve and what do I do for people and how do I do it, and you're just gonna start there. So the clarity that I need is what's your 3 by 3. And if you're in front of me, I need you to be able tell me what that is.

[00:05:35] Sue Bryce | I also need some really solid clarity around what industry is this for? This product and service that you've created, what industry is it for? Do you know? Cause you have to tell me now I've filled it out for myself because I think it's better instead of just asking you blank questions to fill out my answers, but you fill out your own answers. What industry I chose for my new brand, self development, and business?

[00:05:59] Sue Bryce | Those are the two areas that I wanna push into, and I'm not interested in any other area. I'm interested in teaching solo printers how to monetize, and I'm interested in teaching self development, whether that's through business classes, through speaking on stage, or through just straight out a self value class These are the two areas of my life where my whole body is just lit up. I have a goose pump on every part of my body right now because I truly feel connected to those two areas. Tell me your industry, Now describe your content in general to me. I have public speaking as content.

[00:06:36] Sue Bryce | I have personal brand business class. I have content curator, and I have self value. Those are my content threads. Those are the areas I go to. That's where I wanna teach.

[00:06:47] Sue Bryce | That's where I'm at my greatest power. And because I can tell you who I am, what I do, who I do it for, I help creative solo preneurs find their true path and their self value because that's what I do, but all of the structure that I create, I teach you how to become that one thing that you wanna be. Now my products now are really simple. I've got an in person workshop experience that you can apply for and I have 3 online workshops that will have multiple reoccurring coaching pop up throughout the year. So the idea now is those are the 4 products that I'm moving, those are the 4 products I need to show and those are the 4 products I need to talk about, but I'm not gonna talk about them as workshops.

[00:07:32] Sue Bryce | I'm not gonna sell them constantly as workshops. Inside, every one of those 4 products is a massive amount of information that I give away to the person doing that workshop. I'm gonna break down that content and make my marketing that content, because then I am giving information about speaking, I'm giving information about personal branding, I am giving information about curating content, and I'm constantly giving tips on self value to you, the reader. It's not about me anymore. I'm marketing to you.

[00:08:06] Sue Bryce | You don't get paid for your effort. You think you do, that you don't. You don't get paid for your time. Even if you say that's $3000 and I will be there for 3 hours, the time is not what they paid for. They don't pay you for your mastery.

[00:08:28] Sue Bryce | Even though you think if I'm just better at this, if I've done this longer, they will pay a lot more. Nope. Because somebody who has not mastered their craft as long as you or as well as you can still charge the same amount as you because that's what they believe that they are worth. So now I've got to take content from there and give the people following me that want to do those workshops pieces of that content in a completely non held way. Like I have to give, give with my complete soul.

[00:09:02] Sue Bryce | So I need you to be able to tell me who you are, what you do, who you do it for, what industry, what subject, and then I need to tell you you to tell me what your products are, boom boom boom boom boom like that, and you should be able to do it with that much power. My name is Sue Bryce. I'm a speaker, educator, I teach workshops in person and online. I help creative solopreneurs monetize. I love teaching creative solopreneurs how to make money because then they make money for the rest of their creative lives.

[00:09:34] Sue Bryce | Truly, and that is what really changed my life. It transformed me. So you pick up a 3 by 3 and you say it without reading it and sounding like a douche. Okay. You're saying, I'm a speaker and I'm an educator and I teach workshops in person and online, and I can change that 3 by 3 just subtly every single time I say it because I'm not trying to read it to you, I am this person, I'm choosing the words, I'm not going to repeat adjectives, I'm not gonna say solopreneur twice when I can say business owner and solopreneur because then I'm hitting search words, I'm heard I'm really succinctly explaining who I am and what I do in that ownership of that identity in a very, very quick way and just being able to say, this is the industry I do it for.

[00:10:20] Sue Bryce | This is my content. And so anybody seeing this now would be like, oh, she could speak at a business conference. She could speak, you know, at this conference, she could teach me content curation. It's right there. Those are my products.

[00:10:33] Sue Bryce | Now this is the most interesting next steps that I really wanna know about you. What's your website? Because you're about to find out everything on these first three slides, who I am, what I do, what products I sell, my website, if I have a podcast, if I have something to subscribe to, like subscribe to my YouTube channel, subscribe to my blog, subscribe at Subris is my YouTube channel, you can follow me on Instagram at Super Ice Photography. You I'm not really on TikTok, and I'm not really on Pinterest, so that that's my bad, but I don't want to unless I have an assistant that does that, that won't be something I will be doing in the near future because it doesn't interest me. Then join, where can people join, and community is the biggest step that you can take.

[00:11:21] Sue Bryce | So we're gonna break that down today, and then obviously how to work with me So if you think about these last three slides, these last three slides is who I am, what I do, who for, what's the content, what are the products, and all of those things, all of those things are on your social media. You don't need to go to your social media every week and tell people who you are and what you do. It's already there. It's written in the tagline. They go to your website.

[00:11:52] Sue Bryce | It's a social triangle. The whole point of this is that it connects all of your social media. So if you've got Pinterest, have the Pinterest link on your Linktree, if you have, Instagram to TikTok, put your TikTok on your Linktree, If you have a blog, put your blog on your Linktree, that means if they find you on Instagram, they will find their way to all of these places, but if these are not on your social media, then they're not going to find you, they're not going to be able to go to any of these next steps. So what we're trying to do today in our marketing is we're trying to create what is our mode of expression, so when I'm communicating and marketing, what am I doing, and what is the actionable step for all the people following you? Like, are they going to follow you?

[00:12:39] Sue Bryce | Are they going to go to your website? Are they going to go to a sales page? Are they going to subscribe to something? Are they going to join a community or a list or a VIP list? Like, how are they going to take the next step with you is actually the most important question now?

[00:13:01] Sue Bryce | So we've already told people where to go and what to do. We've got to make sure we've got somewhere to go. So is it clear who you are? Is it clear what you do? Is it clear what products you sell?

[00:13:16] Sue Bryce | How am I saying this in week 7? Because clarity is so simple, and we make it so difficult to understand, and clarity is the the most simple version of what you do, Clarity is when you can describe it easily and quickly, like Einstein said, if you can't describe it simply you don't know it well enough. So once you've locked in all of that brand ID tea around you, your product, what you do, who you do it for, now ask yourself, who do you want to follow you? Who? Because it would have to be something to do with the products I sell.

[00:14:00] Sue Bryce | Now, photographer, as an example, as a photographer, I speak to my clients. I write posts and videos and everything is to the client. For the client experience so that the client can see my Instagram and book me. But then I became an educator, and during that time, I became a fiftyfifty educator where I was still serving clients, but I was also serving photographers. Now I'm talking to 2 different people now, and it doesn't work.

[00:14:40] Sue Bryce | Because I can only talk to one person at a time, am I selling to photographers, content, or am I selling to people that I photograph? Well, here's the thing that I learned, I kept it selling to the people because the photographers that followed me followed me because I had a whole lot of clients, I was really good at photographing them, and they were seeing that action, that's why they followed me. The second I stop showing images and start talking like a coach or a mentor or

[00:15:15] Sue Bryce | an

[00:15:15] Sue Bryce | educator, okay, I don't get the same following. Because the people who want to follow me followed me because of how I spoke to my clients. So if I created a product for photographers, instead of speaking to photographers in the marketing, and dividing my audience that is following me, I would create a community for the photographers. Why wouldn't I create a community for the non photographers because they're the audience that is following me, and they're who I speak to. But the photographers that I want to sell to over here, I I need them to be in a private community.

[00:15:59] Sue Bryce | So every single marketing post you put out there has to have a call to action. My call to action at the bottom of my post would be photographers, just released a new blah blah blah. You can go to 4 photographers on my menu, and then 4 photographers might have their own little photo community run by you. Jen has done a lot of work on our community because I did not want to put it on Facebook, And ever since we built this community that belongs to this class, I get nothing but awesome questions, I get private messages, yes, which is great. They're very manageable, and I've got I just think that that new community is way better than Facebook.

[00:16:47] Sue Bryce | There's no trolling, there's no drama, there's no but at the same time, understand this. I build the base of my platform on Facebook in the groups. And even though I do not I do not encourage it because Facebook groups have a life of their own and they're very hard to manage because you're managing multiple egos across multiple time zones, So you can be asleep at 3 in the morning, having the sleep of your life and somebody has woken up in London and decided that they're going to step fire to you on social media, and they will go to social media outside of a time so that you're even in you're managing, so these groups 247, and we all saw people do it and then go, no, I am not doing that again. However, you need to understand something communities come in a lot of different ways and audiences do too, so let's look at what they are. So if you join something, you're joining a newsletter, a wait list, or a community.

[00:17:49] Sue Bryce | When you do that, you are giving me access to you, to sell to you. Stop selling on social media. It doesn't work. We know it doesn't work. I'll prove to you it doesn't work.

[00:18:01] Sue Bryce | I did some selling posts to see how low the numbers were because we don't want to be sold to on Instagram every time we go to Instagram, we want to scroll and be entertained. So you need to shift from entertaining people. You need to shift to entertaining people from wondering what to say. And this is the crazy thing. So if you subscribe, you're gonna subscribe to my newsletter.

[00:18:30] Sue Bryce | You could subscribe to my YouTube channel. You could subscribe to my membership if I had one. Then you're gonna follow my Instagram, my Pinterest and my TikTok, but basically everything on my website is gonna give you those options so you can choose where to keep following me. Right? This is very, very important.

[00:18:49] Sue Bryce | But what we have to do is choose what our mode of expression to connect with this group is. You build an audience on social media, social is for sharing, and showing off it is not for selling. You build a list from that audience, and you sell to them. Okay? I've got some really good evidence of how this works.

[00:19:14] Sue Bryce | So an audience is a product, but an audience that follows you on social media is not a community. They are not there to buy from you. You don't follow accounts that sell. You follow accounts with good content, with interesting fun or good content that is constantly generating at a very high level. And if you think about it, that is not a community.

[00:19:41] Sue Bryce | They're not there to be sold to. They're there to be engaged. That's engagement, entertainment. That's that's just showing off, right? So an audience is a social following.

[00:19:52] Sue Bryce | Okay? They just want to be entertained. A community is connection and engagement. Because in a community, you say things in comment and have conversations and network with groups of people that you would never do on social media. So it tells me that once people like you enough, they'll come into your community to be at that next level, and you can either speak directly into that community Like, you can go to the group and say, new workshop, just launched.

[00:20:24] Sue Bryce | I'm not gonna open it to the public. You guys get first option for 30 days. This is it. Now, if I put that on my Instagram, what do you think would happen? Nothing.

[00:20:34] Sue Bryce | I would get absolutely low views, I'm selling, but in a private community, for me, whether I've got a thousand people in there or ten thousand people in there, this is how I did it. When I first started, I instantly went to Facebook groups, but it was 2012, that's what we did. My group got to 54,000 photographers in that 1st year. That was a very hard group to manage. I I really worked that group for about 3 years while I traveled the world speaking at PPA, WPPI, SWPP, London, AiPP, ends at IPP, I built my in person workshop all around the world as I was building my stage talks all around the world.

[00:21:16] Sue Bryce | But when I launched my platform, I had 54,000 people in a group. Did I go to Instagram and say, I just created my own online platform. No, I didn't. I went to a private group and that nobody could see on social media, a group of people with my name on it who wanted to be in there. And I said, oh, guys, I've just built my new platform.

[00:21:39] Sue Bryce | It's got 74 videos on it is $25 a week, and I got 8000 people from 54,000. Now, that puts me at a 14.8% conversion. After 3 years. Now, my creative live conversion was consistently 10%.

[00:21:56] Sue Bryce | That that's why I'm not only the highest instructor in terms

[00:21:56] Sue Bryce | of overall numbers. I had the highest conversion rate of viewers. Now, converting it 10% is

[00:22:09] Sue Bryce | extraordinary, just so you know.

[00:22:10] Sue Bryce | So if you're converting it 3%, or at 2%. Because when I'm converting at 10%, and I've got thousands, tens of thousands of viewers, that's

[00:22:25] Sue Bryce | extraordinary numbers. I know people wanna think that they're converting at 80%

[00:22:26] Sue Bryce | or converting at 37%, bullshit. You know, it's just not true. You're lucky to get to 10%. Now, this platform got 28,000 users over all time, but remember it never went over 10,000, which is the number I projected, no more, no less. Hey.

[00:22:53] Sue Bryce | So this community, this private community is where I sell. This is what you need. How are you going to do this? You want to do it with a blog? Are you going to do it with a newsletter?

[00:23:03] Sue Bryce | You're gonna do it with a private group. You can even take it off Facebook, like heartbeat, like Jen has for us. How are you going to build a community of people around you? Because those are the people you sell to, not the people following you. Alright.

[00:23:19] Sue Bryce | So when I started teaching workshops and I started speaking on stage to my industry, that is a community. Because if I'm going to a photography event where there's 300 photographers, or 3000 photographers, or 13,000 photographers, if I'm going to an event with all of those people, they are a community of people that do what I do, that is a community. So you can afford to look at an industry as a community, but they're not your community. Not until you stand up in front of them, and you slay a talk. I joke, Susan, about doing my PPA platform where I got the highest rated speaking in all those years.

[00:24:07] Sue Bryce | And the best part is is PPA cut you off. Like, you stop talking when that timer goes off. You've had 90 minutes. It just cuts off. So if you're on slide, 3 more slides to go, it's like, you should have hit that mark, and I was very conscious of the cutoff time, but I was also it's a 90 minute delivery, and I fit as many words into that 90 minutes.

[00:24:29] Sue Bryce | Like, that class was everything I had. I physically am demonstrating. I'm moving my body. I'm being sexy. I'm being funny.

[00:24:36] Sue Bryce | I'm trying to be funny. I'm trying to be sexy. I'm doing all this stuff, and I'm slaying this talk. I can feel it. I'm in my vibe.

[00:24:44] Sue Bryce | I'm like, oh, I'm hitting hard. They tell you you're not allowed to sell from stage, but you're allowed to put a sales slide up for your final slide. Right? So I'm banging away and I'm just like, hitting it. I I am just loving every minute of this.

[00:24:58] Sue Bryce | I turn around and my timer

[00:24:59] Sue Bryce | cuts off right before my final slide. I was 1 a half slide.

[00:24:59] Sue Bryce | So all I could do was bow and say, You can find me at subrice.com. Whoop, you know, because that's all I had. Well, I think I got the highest speaker rating in 73 years because I didn't sell to a single person on that stage. I got up there for 90 minutes and gave everything I had. And that's the difference between me and most speakers, guess who they followed home, guess who they lined up to talk to, guess whose content they purchased, guess whose platform they joined, because they didn't get up there and sell And not even that last slide being in there, it was one slide anyway.

[00:25:40] Sue Bryce | It's just one. It's just one. So it's like I don't know. It's it's a very, very cool thing. So I noticed when I'm talking in my industry, I'm speaking to 25 people or 300 people.

[00:25:55] Sue Bryce | Usually around there, it wasn't until you get to the bigger conferences that you could get a room with a thousand people in it, or twelve hundred people in it, and those are rare it's rare to have a room that big in an industry, you know, a focused industry. That's why it's good to have those events because you get to go and see those big rooms. But if you think about it, this was the community that I was selling to, but I wasn't selling to them, I was giving to them and selling something as a next step, join my community, join my, and so my goal at that event is to blow you all away with my knowledge, entertain you with my craft and my skill, and invite you to join my platform, join my blog, subscribe to my platform, join my newsletter. I'm trying to get you to want to follow me. That's what I'm trying to do, and I'm gonna invite you to my my private group as soon as I can, whatever that is, whether it's my newsletter, my private, my VIP waiting list, I want you to name that Like, why wouldn't you call your private group, your VIP group, or call them something?

[00:27:05] Sue Bryce | Like, give them a name, a verb. That's the cool thing is when people are like, oh, I'm, you know, I've joined SBE, an Espial year. Like, they were verbing my name. They were, oh, you've been suebrized. Oh, it's, you know, Tuesdays is Tuesdays.

[00:27:21] Sue Bryce | Like, when when you become a verb, your marketing has become, something that people do. And that's really interesting. So kind of look at it like that and sort of ask yourself, like, what am I inviting people to? Because that's the people you are selling to, make no mistake about it. So, you know, right now, you could go and create a reel with no sound, just you doing something.

[00:27:46] Sue Bryce | And these days, the reel is this. If you notice this, this is the reel. Well, that's hard. You know? I thought about something, and then I had a sip of my tea.

[00:28:10] Sue Bryce | And then I maybe looked at the camera or pointed at a box. That's it. What are you writing? What are you writing? That's the most interesting thing, isn't it?

[00:28:28] Sue Bryce | Because this is where everybody freezes. Alright. So if you're gonna go and create a video or a carousel right now, and then you go to do it, and then you freeze? It's because right in that moment, you start to think, oh, do I sell? How do I sell this?

[00:28:51] Sue Bryce | Right? I want you to look at it a little bit differently. I was on the today show, and I was on the talk. They are too big, like, morning show, daytime shows here in the US. I did it after I created Jill's breast cancer documentary, and it went viral, and we were on with hoda, and then, again, for the talk.

[00:29:14] Sue Bryce | And in order to do that, I had to have media training and the media training was George Merliss, he's kind of this famous little dude in LA, and he came and he filmed me, talking to camera, and then he gave me feedback, he watched my video, some of my videos, he gave me speaker feedback, and he gave me media training, and he gave me his book

[00:29:35] Sue Bryce | to read. And in his book, it

[00:29:35] Sue Bryce | said that all media, clickbait, news titles, anything in media, they use ST words. ST words. Alright? Stay with me on this. Like, where's she going with that?

[00:29:54] Sue Bryce | Okay. The reason we use ST words aside from listen stop and start, which are 3 very powerful words, is because they're polarizing words. This is the worst decision you have ever made. This is the best choice you'll ever make for yourself. This is the smallest you will ever feel.

[00:30:17] Sue Bryce | This is the greatest you will ever be. ST words are sharp, they're sharp adjectives, they're but they're polarizing adjectives. Okay. So if you see a ST phrase and it says something like, well, I'm gonna give you lots of examples because I know you guys like examples. It's the EST.

[00:30:37] Sue Bryce | It's when words finish with EST, okay, because then you've got the best You've got the worst, you've got the least, you've got the most, you've got the first, you've got the last, you've got the shortest, you've got the longest, you've got the hardest, you've got the easiest, and it's like, once you start with all the ST words, it's like, Woah! You're gonna start seeing them in media, and you're going to realize how quickly you can just come to the content and just come to these words first. Now, there are a lot of other ST words, and I filled in the blanks for you I like to add context, okay, so these are all ST words that are not truest, largest, biggest, smallest. This is like trust me. This works.

[00:31:21] Sue Bryce | Like, can imagine that this is the first words that you hear and see adjust your crown, or adjust your attitude. Resist the urge to, invest in yourself. Like, these are all strong ST words, and you can see how just creating copy like that is so basic and so simple, one strong clear word, and what it leads to. Now, they're all great examples of ST words, boost your confidence, cost effective hack, test your knowledge, test your strength, you know, instant relief, instant success, best selling, best selling isn't ST words. I was like, you know, all these strong ST words.

[00:32:04] Sue Bryce | Now, let's go further into this. Fun fact, podcast, broadcast, stage, instructor, and host are

[00:32:13] Sue Bryce | all s t words.

[00:32:13] Sue Bryce | And I was like, oh, nice, crisp, strong adjectives. Really describe us all. Okay. Stop is an ST word. I'm gonna come back to ST words, but I just wanna say this.

[00:32:28] Sue Bryce | So stop telling me what you're gonna teach me. And this is a mistake that everybody makes. If you're a coach, a mentor, a speaker, an instructor, or a host, show it. If you craft something, make something, you know, build something, draw something, paint something, build it, design it, if, you know, whatever you do, show it. And it's just show a glimpse of you, just a snapshot of you.

[00:32:58] Sue Bryce | That's what I want you to show in your media. You don't have to give people everything. You've gotta give them a glimpse of you. And that's why if the text on that reel is good, then all that person needs is a reel of them having a sip of their tea, because it's relevant to listening to advice, it's relevant to sit with me, that share our thoughts over cups of tea, you know, there's so much relevance in just that simple real or the act of doing this one thing. If you're a photographer, you could be putting a lens on, if you're a designer, you could be opening Photoshop in design and getting your wakeham tablet and sitting down at your beautiful art space, you know, there's a 1,000,000 different ways to communicate that.

[00:33:40] Sue Bryce | So when it comes to marketing, And when it comes to selling, this is the first question that I know is gonna come up. But what happens if what happens if you wanna sell a workshop? So then you go to your social media, and you say, guys, I've got a new workshop out 20 seats. It's $1850 each. What's gonna happen?

[00:34:08] Sue Bryce | You're gonna get the lowest views of all your reels because you're selling, and you're not giving anything, you're just telling. The people who are not interested won't like it, so all your other reels will be high performing, and this will be the lowest performing real. You're not gonna convert anybody on Instagram, because you haven't shown anything interesting about the work you've just gone straight to a picture and selling it. If this is your first workshop, then it's a chicken and an egg thing, because you haven't actually done a workshop yet. So that tells me that you need to get assets from coaching of you coaching so that you can show them as a workshop product.

[00:34:49] Sue Bryce | Because if you use stock images and you haven't done that work, you haven't done the coaching, it's gonna look like done a workshop, but you haven't, and there will not be any authenticity in the selling or the booking of it in your marketing. Does that make sense? Give me some questions, because I can see that chat's rolling pretty quick.

[00:35:11] Audience Member | If you are selling physical products, but not teaching anything, would a community still be something you should build?

[00:35:18] Sue Bryce | Well, if you can demonstrate your product on room without selling it, and it's getting you sales, then keep doing that. But if it's not getting you sales, can you give me an example of what the product is?

[00:35:31] Audience Member | Oh, that's good.

[00:35:33] Sue Bryce | Yeah. The ST is well, yeah, okay, English language. Ultimately, what you're saying in translation is when you add AST to words and you make it the longer thing, you know, you've ever owned, the dumbest thing you've ever done, the biggest step you've ever taken, that speaks more to the verb of it. So I'm assuming that translates, but might not. That'd be really interesting.

[00:36:03] Audience Member | We wait for Eva to get back to us. How do you get those in your private community or join the newsletter? Where do you get them from? If it's not social media? Is it organic?

[00:36:12] Audience Member | Is it ads?

[00:36:13] Sue Bryce | This is social media. Social media is the audience that you build, and the group is the community that you sell to. Right? So let's just step back. You're building an audience by posting, but you're inviting that audience to your private group network newsletter blog because those are the ones that you directly email sell to.

[00:36:35] Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Yeah. Eva's product is art photography and collages. Art physical

[00:36:41] Audience Member | products.

[00:36:44] Sue Bryce | And so that tells me that it's a beautiful visual product. You can demonstrate that on that social media, and you should be selling that. But if you're not, you need a community. Simple. Where are you selling to these people?

[00:37:03] Sue Bryce | How are you selling to them? This is the most important part. So if you wanna be an instructor of any description, or you wanna be a coach, or you wanna be a mentor, or you have content, then you have content to teach. It's that simple. So for your marketing, I want you to break it down.

[00:37:19] Sue Bryce | I want you to break your content into little bits, and I want you to deliver it because that's what teachers do. They teach. I jumped over a slide back there where I said, stop telling me what you're gonna teach me and teach me. One of the biggest mistakes of stage and broadcast is people get up on stage, and they go in this session, I'm going to teach you about marketing, I'm gonna teach you about building a list, I'm gonna teach you, and they spend 10 minutes telling you what they're gonna teach you, and it's like, just start teaching. Stop talking about what you've got.

[00:37:54] Sue Bryce | You're now on stage start giving, and that's something I did that nobody else did. I was never afraid of giving the content and giving the information, but you'll also notice I did not give all of my content on social media. I kept mine private. So all you have to do is choose a statement, ask a question, solve a problem, start with your s t words if you're stuck, choose 1, and fill in the blank. That's all you have to do is you have to give that one glimpse into what you do and how you do it.

[00:38:30] Audience Member | You said this earlier. Let me come back to which platforms are you on and why.

[00:38:35] Sue Bryce | I'm on Instagram because I've come from photo. But until I activate my actual reels around all my content, I have not crossed over my Instagram yet. I don't wanna be on Pinterest because I'm not a visual brand anymore. Now I'm an education brand. I'm pushing my YouTube channel.

[00:38:55] Sue Bryce | I'm about to go hard on my YouTube channel. So what I'm gonna do first is this. I've booked, 2 days with Nikki and our podcast team, tailored media, And we're just gonna remote in Nikki and I, and we're gonna film, we're gonna do a 3 hour session, and we're going to film about 6 videos, short form of just her and I teaching, bantering back and forth single subjects, and we'll put them up on the YouTube channel. And every month, I'll just add 4 or 5 short form videos, real short, powerful, addressing one problem. Like, if you've got a rejection in your business today and you need a pep talk, you could just go to video and watch it, and it's only 9 minutes long.

[00:39:38] Sue Bryce | And I'm building my YouTube channel that way, and linking back to my blog, but I am keeping my Instagram alive, and my Facebook because there's still an older market on Facebook, but really most of my content is coming from, you know, Instagram still. So it is what it is. So I always say that my education ethos has propelled me to the top of my speaking field in my industry, and my ethos was to give, just get up on stage and give, and not be afraid of how much I gave. But It translates in Instagram a little different. Like, I feel like people give too much content on Instagram, and then they don't sell anything because they give away all their content, simplify it, solve one problem at a time, answer one question at a time, and really answer it make a statement.

[00:40:28] Sue Bryce | Like, make a strong statement. It's that simple. So tell me this. If I launched this workshop, okay, I'm about to launch my Speak workshop up. I'm gonna go to Instagram, and I'm gonna say, guys, I've created a new Speak workshop.

[00:40:46] Sue Bryce | That real's gonna get 5000 views. You go, wow, that's good. Not really. Not compared to my other views. And some people, a majority of people will go to my sales page, which will be linked on that post, or my linktree.

[00:41:02] Sue Bryce | Right? You're gonna go to the sales page, and you're going to maybe watch a cool video, and you're gonna read a whole other stuff about this class, and you're gonna decide whether you wanna do it or not. Now, once I've announced it once on my Instagram, how do I keep talking about it? How do I talk about it week. So if I announce a workshop and I get 3 bookings, but there's 17 more seats, how do I keep selling this workshop?

[00:41:27] Sue Bryce | You've done it. You can't keep talking about it. You already did it and got shit views, If you keep doing it, you gotta keep getting shit views, and people will unfollow you because now you're really selling. You know, the the weird truth is is we all do this to other accounts. You unfollow people who sell too much.

[00:41:49] Sue Bryce | Why ask do you unfollow them if they post too much? People who post too much are annoying, you gotta lead me wanting something. Like, you know, play hard to get. So now listen to this. Instead of announcing

[00:42:00] Sue Bryce | the Speak workshop on Instagram, I'm gonna announce it to this private group.

[00:42:01] Sue Bryce | I already have. And you've already started emailing Jen, saying can I get in the application for round 1, which means I've already sold my first workshop? Now, I don't toot that horn until I get ten people that have paid for that workshop because until people give you the money, it's not a booked workshop. And often on social media, I would have collective photographers around the world going, you need to come to London, and all these photographers like London, you need to come to London. Yes.

[00:42:38] Sue Bryce | Come to us. And I was like, well, it's actually easier for you to fly to LA than it is for me to fly twelve people in London to do this workshop. And until thirty people are paid for that workshop, it's that's just thirty people on Instagram telling me that they wanna come to the workshop. But until they have to pay the money and book the date, they don't. So what people tell you on Instagram and what they end up buying is not the same thing, so you cannot go, I'm gonna fly 12 of my crew in London to do this workshop to have what?

[00:43:10] Sue Bryce | For people at it because all those people told me they were interested, but that's not selling. So don't get the 2 confused. Now let's say I now go to Instagram in December, and I tell people about this workshop, And I do it in a way that's not selling, because I don't need to sell it, because guess what? It's already sold out, or I have three or four seats left. Now, my post is gonna be different, isn't it?

[00:43:39] Sue Bryce | Cause it's not a cold post selling. I've already sold this workshop. I'm gonna post something a bit different. Like, this is the workshop I've always wanted to create. There's only three seats left, and you have to apply for it.

[00:43:51] Sue Bryce | Boom. Right there. That's the first time they've heard about it, and she's already sold it out. That's because I did that privately. Am I being too obvious, or is, like, everyone just being like, yes?

[00:44:06] Sue Bryce | Because I feel like this is what we're not doing. And yet it's so simple. Okay. So I love this idea that anything that I sell has gone out to my private group on email, If you've chosen in that moment to unsubscribe to my emails, you did not want to be in my community and get my offers anymore, which would include my newsletter, which would include a discount for my community to get first option to my workshops, which would include VIP, being able to book, anything that I have is gonna go to you guys first. And I will always give that community first option to buy.

[00:44:48] Sue Bryce | And then when I go out onto Instagram, and I say, Hey, guys. My community is already I've fully booked this workshop. If I sell that workshop out before I announce it, I'm going to Instagram with a sold out workshop, and being that you all know your industries right now, And you know that workshops are not selling out anywhere, and that people all around the world are cancelling their workshops in person workshops right now, because we're just not getting numbers, what are you gonna think when you see a sold out Superys workshop that nobody sold to you? What does that do for you if you wanna do that workshop? It creates a demand, and it creates a need because the best part is is you sold that freaking workshop, and I didn't even get an option to buy that ticket.

[00:45:37] Sue Bryce | I've been doing this for 15 years. Guys, I've been doing this for 15 years. I have been selling privately and not selling on my social media. And then when I give on my social media, I give. I literally give information so that you can be better at what you do.

[00:46:01] Sue Bryce | And if you can become me after reading 10 of my posts, you are well on your way. So I find it so hard to build the audience first. That's right. You can start with s t words. You can start with s t words because right there, you've got to now find your voice that is not selling, it's giving, and people get so confused about that.

[00:46:29] Sue Bryce | I did more ST words for you. If you go to chat GPT and say, give me words that end in ST, strong marketing words that end in ST around this subject, they're gonna give you 10 to 20 words. That's what I did. I said give me words, and I got, listen, stop, start, strongest weakest, biggest, best, and then I started to just fill in the blank, and I did it quickly. I was like, listen to this creative hack.

[00:47:00] Sue Bryce | Stop the feast and famine of creative business income. Start this today. The strongest connection you will feel. The weakest link in your business is the biggest mistake I made, the best skill I learned for my business, the worst mistake with the best outcome the first thing I'm buying. The last time I will ever have this experience, the fastest way to create this, the most asked question at this event was, how many times do you go to an event?

[00:47:32] Sue Bryce | And then you leave the event, and you post a lame BTS and go, I was on stage last night at this networking event. Who cares? Someone might write, I like your top, someone else will write, why do you always wear black? But if I put up that, like, real, and I wrote, the most asked question at this networking event last night was how do I make money in my small business? How many people will absolutely gravitate towards that.

[00:48:06] Sue Bryce | And I'm not just talking for the sake of talking. I'm showing something about me, but I'm talking to you. Right?

[00:48:18] Audience Member | Really quickly, what do you mean by integrating Instagram Reels?

[00:48:22] Sue Bryce | What do you mean?

[00:48:23] Audience Member | Beck, you've mentioned Instagram Reels and creating them starting to post them. And just

[00:48:28] Sue Bryce | if you were posting reels, and let's say I just posted a reel of me on stage and wrote, look, I'm on stage. It it's just It's not what we do this for. Like, it's, yeah, and it's what we do. And instead of saying, you know, the most asked question at this event was, how do I find your confidence? Well, if you want confidence step on down, come to the self value workshop.

[00:48:56] Sue Bryce | Like, oh, no, I'm selling again. Okay. So you've got to keep it, talk about everything, but what you sell. But, yeah, that's absolutely it for me. And I it actually really easy once you create, I did not ask chat to fill in the blank.

[00:49:11] Sue Bryce | I didn't need to, but you could, it will just sound a little body at first, and you want it to sound like you, So those words I just got out of chat, and then I just wrote, listen, listen to this creative hack. It's going to change your life, or if you're speaking to designers, designers, you need to listen to this. See? It's more like just the strength in the the it's just a very strong use of words, and I've never heard anybody else give me examples of marketing texts that made more sense to me than that. Yeah.

[00:49:49] Sue Bryce | Really truly, and it's it's really like, wow. Go and do more. Like, there's millions of them, but again, words that end in ST are actually stronger than words that just have S t, like strong guest, weak guest because they're your polarizing words. And look at, not so much clickbait. I did write that it is clickbait y because they can be really clickbait y, but if you look at news media, they use it in that way, like, the worst decision that you will ever make and worst, the worst.

[00:50:22] Sue Bryce | Like, what a strong word? The worst thing you can ever do for your skin over fifty. And it's like, you're like, oh, it's a fifty year old woman, you're like, oh, you know, because they're giving us the extreme words, and I it's fascinating. That fascinates me. And I could write I could write marketing copy, like, all day.

[00:50:42] Sue Bryce | Like, when I sit down with words and I'm like, listen, oh, stop stop the feast and famine of creative business and come, oh, gosh, the money never flows. I could just keep thinking of ways to say one thing, one thing, one thing. So You're not getting paid for your time. I know you think that, as I said before, you're just not. They don't care about your time.

[00:51:04] Sue Bryce | You're not getting paid for your mastery. Again, you could be doing this for 20 years and be a master, Joe, and I charge the same as you because you didn't think you're worth more Joe, and I did, and people pay it. So your master is for you, right? It's not for everybody else. And you're not getting paid for your time because you're not clocking hours, even if you say this is a day or this is 4 days or this is 3 hours, it is based on time, you know, but it's not what you're actually getting paid for.

[00:51:35] Sue Bryce | You're getting paid so that I can have an experience you are getting paid so that I can have an experience that I value, because I'm the client, okay? You're getting paid by giving me a service that I want something that I feel and something that I experience and something that I desire to pay for. That's what you're doing for me right now. And if you think you're getting paid for anything else other than what you're giving me and why I'm giving you this money, you need to wake up. That's it.

[00:52:12] Sue Bryce | You're so focused on being good enough, competing with all the other people in your industry online. In your own head. You get so wound up and impostor syndrome, and then you get so wound up and what do I charge? What do I charge? And if you think of how self involved all of that is and and how absolutely needy that that all is, you're not ready to serve.

[00:52:35] Sue Bryce | You're still too needy and stinky. You gotta clean that shit up, go and have a shower, sort yourself up, and come back with some value because you just gotta start looking at this And when we first started, it's like, I'm not getting paid enough for my mastery. I'm not getting paid enough for my time. I'm not getting no. You're not getting paid for those things.

[00:52:57] Sue Bryce | You're getting paid to give service. The more service you give, the better you get paid. Find out what people value in you and find out why they value it. You can sell anybody if you know those two things. That's why you gotta ask people, why am I good?

[00:53:19] Sue Bryce | Why am I connected? Why is this working? Cause they will tell you, stop giving away all of this information and keep it simple one byte at a time, one byte at a time, And that's why when you look back to this and truly, if that is copy, that is one bite. One of those is a bite. Just one thing.

[00:53:43] Sue Bryce | This is the best skill I learned in my business. Just like that. Now I've tailored this, obviously, to business owners, not to clients. So let me speak more like to clients, alright? So as a photographer, I'm gonna speak as a photographer because it's where my experience is, and as a photographer, I'm now speaking to women that are gonna be photographed with me, right?

[00:54:10] Sue Bryce | So if I go to that, I would go down this list. Let me go, I'll just I'll, like, let me just add Lib. Okay. Listen. Sister, you don't need to lose 20.

[00:54:22] Sue Bryce | You're perfect. Exactly as you are. Stop worrying about what other people think of your body and get in front of the camera and celebrate it. Start self care today. This is the first step you're gonna take.

[00:54:42] Sue Bryce | You're gonna show up for a photoshoot. What is the strongest thing you can do for yourself in your life right now? Like, I just keep going, like, start just bringing it back and get help with chat to do this. If you can't, but, like, start looking at it like this. Like, take words that are very strong, powerful words, and make them belong to what you're doing.

[00:55:10] Sue Bryce | Like, describe them with it and, and give people something that they need, like, what is the best thing somebody could do if they were gonna do a photo shoot? What is the best way to do this? Like, what is the first thing you need to know? What is the last thing? When was the last time you were photographed professionally?

[00:55:36] Sue Bryce | What's the fastest way to fall in love with yourself? Is to do an incredible photo show? What is the most, used excuse to not be photographed? Like, come on. It's just it's endless.

[00:55:53] Sue Bryce | You can just keep going. This is such powerful copy. And once you simplify your copy and tie it with beautiful rich visuals and imagery, you've got some magic. So, no, you're not getting paid for those things. You're getting paid for how they feel and how they experience this thing with you.

[00:56:12] Sue Bryce | And if you focus on that service more, including your marketing, you're going to get people that will just follow your home because you're speaking their language, and you're speaking directly to them, and then they feel like you're speaking to them. So these were in segment 6 of the 1st 2 days of the workshop, show don't tell is a big one for me. So put yourself and your product out there with clarity and value sell everything but the product, right? Remember, show don't tell. So but remember this with this, putting yourself out there, sell everything but the product.

[00:56:50] Sue Bryce | Wait, I'm gonna walk you through all of the different versions of how you could show yourself because this was also there, but I just wanted to remind you that there's multiple steps. You could show the making of it, whatever you make. You could show the creation process, the crafting, the mastering, the manufacturing, and you can show the how and the why of what you do, all of those things, and not in the same post, just one at a time. Okay? One of them at a time, and each one of those have multiple options to expand in Verticals.

[00:57:27] Sue Bryce | I want you to show the benefits of your products, okay, so show people using them, sharing them. I want you to show how it's being used by people and yourself. How is it loved? How is it shared? Show that.

[00:57:43] Sue Bryce | Show the joy of wanting it and then maybe getting it, or enjoying it and using it. Because when you see people joyfully doing those things, wanting it, and then getting it, like, they're unboxing. You know that children spend hours watching

[00:58:02] Sue Bryce | unboxing on YouTube and adults do too. Unboxing things. Just millions of followers.

[00:58:02] Sue Bryce | There's one kid that unbox his shopkins, and I think he has something like 40,000,000 followers. There's one guy that unbox his shoes. It's just unboxes, I think Nike, buys a pair, unboxes, 30,000,000 followers. And then now Nike send them all this special stuff, and they they're built it's just crazy, unboxing things because you're showing people getting it. And when you want something and you see somebody getting what you want, we enjoy that, isn't that weird?

[00:58:44] Sue Bryce | You can show the experience, you can show the gift, you can show the reaction, you can show the transformation, you can show the connection, the creativity, you can show the empowerment, the fun, and the education. You can show those things. Because if I was coaching you 1 by 1 and I got somebody just to do b roll just quickly of you and me coaching, and then I put that into a post where I'm clearly coaching you and you're listening, writing things, and I'm one on 1, but then I give a tip out to the world that's not selling coaching. It's just a coaching tip. When you see that real, What are you gonna feel?

[00:59:27] Sue Bryce | She just gave me that for free. She's a coach. She's coaching. It's so we we make it way harder than we need to. Yeah, we make it wee.

[00:59:40] Sue Bryce | How do we make it wee? Okay. I've got to just I feel like I'm missing something. Oh, and that was another one. The last one was show your founder story or your story, show the brand story, show the product story, show your client stories.

[00:59:58] Sue Bryce | Okay? That is the that to me is where it's at. Did you Oh, they did. Okay. If you want to learn how to sell, change the way you feel about yourself and your product.

[01:00:10] Sue Bryce | It's that simple. Because the crazy part about this workshop is you realized social media is not selling, marketing is not selling, and networking is not selling. Even though you're selling yourself and your relationship building, there's no selling. So everybody's afraid of selling, but I don't know what they're afraid of because there's no selling in any of those things, but they are to prepare you to bring a group in so that you can sell to them, and we all know how to sell because selling is when I bring you to a yes or no. This is my product, These are the 3 different sizes.

[01:00:50] Sue Bryce | Which would you prefer? That's a yes or no. It's that simple. Selling is that simple? No.

[01:00:58] Sue Bryce | I don't want to spend that much money. Okay. Well, we can downgrade it to the next package. Yes. And you've made a sale.

[01:01:05] Sue Bryce | It's that simple selling. We we put too much energy in the selling, and I think the biggest problem is in the communicating of the value in the marketing so that it sells itself. And that it's connected and that you're just not selling to people. What are your thoughts on posting events that you will be attending or hosting? Yes.

[01:01:25] Sue Bryce | So another thing you can do with an event that you're hosting is especially if it's a free event, or if they're getting something from that event, like it's not a selling post. So if it's something you're going to be at and you want people to come along, you can say I will be hosting this event, and then for the next consecutive weeks up until that event post the same thing as a story twice a week because a story is less offensive than, your main feed, and then people won't feel like, just constantly selling this event, right? And that's a really great way for you to tell people you're going to be there and stay connected, or, April, one of the best things you could do in that moment was I'm going to this event, and I have a discount code because you have to pay to get in. So you can reach out to me now, and then we can meet up at this event. What did you just do?

[01:02:26] Sue Bryce | Created a community from the people following you? And if people have been following you for a while and they think, oh my god, I get to meet them, and then spend some time with them, then they're gonna come to this event because you're giving something of value But if you just keep posting, I'm gonna be here on stage, you gotta find a more interesting way to say it. Yeah.

[01:02:47] Audience Member | There are a few questions about the community building itself. Do you recommend that they start with Facebook group for the community or maybe something like heartbeat.

[01:02:57] Sue Bryce | You will become as successful as the amount of pain you are willing to endure. The pain is much. On Facebook. Choose your adventure. You couldn't pay me money to go back on Facebook.

[01:03:18] Sue Bryce | Mark Zuckerberg could call me, and I'd be like, no, thank up. No. I don't want it. I don't like it. I don't like the way the culture of Facebook.

[01:03:26] Sue Bryce | See, Instagram was always short form. People didn't get into it. Like, they were not, you know, there's not 6 week arguments still rolling out on Instagram, or there might be, but not like Facebook, Facebook. Facebook became this personal zone for people to find their speech and put it out there into the world. And it's just, like, also Facebook is designed to keep you on Facebook.

[01:04:02] Sue Bryce | Right? They don't the algorithm means if you post a link out of Facebook, it won't share it the way it does when there's no link on it, because they don't want you to leave Facebook. They want you to stay there and be marketed to in Facebook and get all the data in Facebook. That's a business. You're the product.

[01:04:21] Sue Bryce | Don't complain about it. It's free.

[01:04:26] Audience Member | So how would we tie all of this together? When you're in the midst of building a community and email list, how do you get people interested in signing for your newsletter or joining your community for those.

[01:04:35] Sue Bryce | Right. That means you gotta be interesting on your social media without selling. So how do you get interesting around what you do? So I would go and look at the first three slides and say, who am I? What do I do?

[01:04:48] Sue Bryce | What products do I have? Who do I want to follow me?

[01:04:53] Sue Bryce | And

[01:04:53] Sue Bryce | you need to decide right now, who do you want to follow you? I want designers. I want photographers. I want clients. I want all of the above, and you need to start speaking to those people.

[01:05:04] Sue Bryce | One of the first things I do is you could go to chat, okay, go into chat and tell chat what you do. I am a designer, I specialize in this, I take one client a week, I charge $4000, I do it like this, These are the clients I'm most interested in. I would like to write short copy statements starting with ST words to this audience and specifically and see what it says and then develop it further from there. Okay? Very, very important.

[01:05:35] Sue Bryce | But if you want to change the way you feel if you want to change the way you sell, just understand this. I don't sell on Instagram. I don't have to. I create private groups. Another way of building a list is to give something away in that industry.

[01:05:55] Sue Bryce | Now if I want photographers on a list, I'll give away a camera But this year, when I did curator, I gave away the teleprompter because I didn't wanna give away a camera because most of the people in this workshop right now are photographers, but I'm transitioning into non photographers as well, And I knew that. So, like, I had a big percentage of photographers, but, like, I want to open it up. So

[01:06:22] Audience Member | Speaking of, if you have a a Facebook group or a community that you've had for a long time and you've neglected, Do you suggest starting a whole new group and starting

[01:06:30] Sue Bryce | No. No. Do you know when you delete a group, you have to go in by hand and delete every user 1 by 1. Again. You will become as successful as

[01:06:46] Sue Bryce | the amount of pain you are willing to endure.

[01:06:46] Sue Bryce | I've got some scar tissue, man. Like, Oh, seriously, I'm working up. I've woken up at 6 in the I've woken up at 4 in the morning, and someone's just slayed my whole life, you know, online. And I'm just like, and there's people agreeing. You know, it's like, Other people think this about me, and it's like, oh, but no, I

[01:07:14] Sue Bryce | hate, but it's more quiet, Facebook.

[01:07:17] Sue Bryce | Money makes you more of what you already are like Facebook. Are we such a hater? Okay. Look at what I've been doing. I was not trying to do anything wonderful here other than test the very basics of what we're experiencing with this new algorithm.

[01:07:40] Sue Bryce | And as you can see, I've tried a little bit of everything in the last year because I am no longer posting rich visual imagery, meaning I was a photographer at the height of my field, my photographs were beautiful, and I built my Instagram on my work by what I was doing, but every single post I talked about the girl. I never talked about I always said V Flat, these are my settings, but I always said something about her, It was always the experience for me. It was always what they were going through, and I didn't have to put my old mug on there, did I? Because I had way beautiful content. I had way more beautiful content than me.

[01:08:35] Sue Bryce | So now it's me. And I don't feel that comfortable on camera. I'll be honest, I'm 53, I cannot see my phone without my glasses. I don't want to be wearing my glasses, so I have to work out am I gonna be glasses girl, or am I gonna like I can't see the camera, so I've filmed an entire 45 minute video which I thought was brilliant with a massive booger. And as much as I wanted to, like, is there any way I could get my booger digitally removed?

[01:09:14] Sue Bryce | I was like, I literally could not see it. I'm challenged physically. I'm also an older woman, so I'm not gonna get people stopping like, oh, she's young and hot, and I'm not trying to get attention for my body or anything like that, and I'm trying to so you know, I've I've kind of looked at it, and it's like, oh, gone are the days of having this beautiful feed of imagery because I still haven't found my flow. And so let me just quickly break down what these are because these are my last posts. I've pinned the top left one.

[01:09:49] Sue Bryce | That's how to work with me. It only has 10,000 views because I'm selling. Even though I'm selling nothing, I'm simply saying how to work with me you can book a workshop, you can do this, you can go on this list, you can join this workshop. It's a selling post, even though it's not selling, it's a selling post, and it has 10,000 views, and that's it. But if you just came to my feed, I wanted to put something anchored there that wasn't photo.

[01:10:17] Sue Bryce | And even though it's got some photo in it, it bounces to explain that I'm not booking shoots anymore. The next video is the one I posted yesterday, no selling, just a personal glimpse into my life. I just did that, and this morning that was at 15,000 views. Now it's very common when I share something cute and personal about myself that I get between it's usually 20,000, so I know that that post this morning will get to 21,000 tomorrow because it's the same. If you look at the consistency of when I'm being cute and giving, I get 21,000 Now, also I want you to pay attention to this.

[01:10:59] Sue Bryce | When you post on Instagram, it shows it to the the most engaged 20% of your audience. If they react to it, it shows it to the next 20% and a small percentage of non followers. If they react to it, it shows the next 20% and a larger number of non followers. Now at the point that you are non followers, you're showing up on the page. Now, when you show up on the Explore page with multiple other accounts, what they see is this.

[01:11:35] Sue Bryce | Now, the ones that have the high views the real high views, like over 70,000 up to 170,000 is because I put an image in that one that made people click on it, whereas they didn't click on that, they didn't click on my face, they didn't click on there's no words, there's no title to tell you what I'm talking about. I'm just a middle aged woman smiling at the camera, and if you don't think that that's interesting, you're not gonna click on that. Whereas the one where I'm wearing the T shirt cult leader, that has 171,000 views, and I didn't get those big views until it got on the Explore page, and I think people clicked on it, because it said cult leader, but I'm talking about a migraine hack, but it totally worked. So weird. When I take just a clip from stage out of context, so and you know me, I tend to speak quite passionately, so sometimes my clips can come across as a little bit like, woah, like, I don't agree with that, or, and people push back, and that I'm averaging like 900,7 to 5 to 9000 on those clips, so they're not really working for me, but I'm gonna start breaking up all my clips and putting them on stories because then I'm taking it off my feed for the people that are interested in watching them.

[01:12:59] Sue Bryce | So you can see there 7 1000, 5000, 10000, 10000, 8000, all of those, but when I'm being cute and I'm just being personal, 15 to 21,000, okay, different jump, I don't know why. I don't know why people want to, see me personally, but maybe they're like, oh, what does she look like now? Oh, you know, because people are so judgy and weird, but it doesn't matter as long as they're saying content and obviously getting engagement from it. Now whenever I did my miniatures, 9000, okay, no, we've got a certain amount of interest in there, but lots of comments and lots of shares and lots of bookmarks. Which is also what you're watching.

[01:13:43] Sue Bryce | Now before that, let's go back a little bit further. When I'm crafting or I'm doing something with a product, I get between 28,870,000. So the second I've got a product in my hand, like this, or anytime I'm building something, making something, showing something like that, straight away, I get up into the numbers. This one was at 33,000

[01:14:13] Sue Bryce | because on the Explore page, the first thing that you see is an attractive woman's face.

[01:14:13] Sue Bryce | Did you know that on your explore page on all social media, all viral videos have

[01:14:28] Sue Bryce | 2 things, all viral videos, a thumbnail of an attractive woman, or a

[01:14:28] Sue Bryce | thumbnail of a woman smiling. All of them do. Bet. So when you put that on your explore page and cult leader probably got that because I don't think that's as cute as that. That boosts the amount of people that want to click it from the Explore page.

[01:14:56] Sue Bryce | So that tells me if I'm not putting words here, like, imagine if I put words here that said, like, just some one word, like, just one word right there, I would have got way more clicks on that from the Explore page, right? Now, when I show, okay, this one here super attractive photo of me right from the beginning, so that means on the click page, more people are gonna click on that, and I might have got to 87, simply on cleavage alone, in blue. Seriously. It's a fact. You look at it.

[01:15:35] Sue Bryce | When you see this Explore page, when I talk about someone else, I might as well be showing a, 12,000, I might as well be selling. See? I'm talking about Melissa, but I'm selling. Photoshops all get me around the same, 28 to 30. This one was interesting because, you know, I didn't have any makeup on or whatever, but that's that's how we're getting engagement, that's how we're stopping people from scrolling.

[01:16:06] Sue Bryce | So now I've worked out what's working for me, what's not working for me, what's getting me higher numbers, more effort on my Explore page to make people want to click, So more, like, obviously, if this was on the Explore page, this was on the Explore page, they're gorgeous girls straight away, you're like, I wanna do this. This one, 16,000 was simply one photograph as a real, didn't work. Neither did that same amount of numbers, it's just incredible once the consistency I started to see what was working, what wasn't, they get the same, exactly the same numbers across the board. So I was like, okay, this is crazy. Yeah.

[01:16:45] Sue Bryce | It's absolutely crazy. Alright. Ask me questions because we're at 1 hour 17. I don't need to go 2 hours. I can wrap this up, so ask me questions today about marketing.

[01:16:56] Sue Bryce | Ask me questions about marketing because it's like, If you can get so much clarity in those first three slides, who you are, what you do, the products you sell, and you value them, and then you can find your marketing style, your motive expression, the way you love to communicate, And then you can start to put that out there, you know, using those strong words one bite at a time, and then you decide, am I building a newsletter? Am I building a vlog to subscribe to? Am I building a private community? Am I doing this on Facebook? And you've got to build a community so that you can sell to them.

[01:17:32] Sue Bryce | You don't also have to have a private group. A VIP list is a community. It's just online. Okay? You don't have to manage egos and people and then get group hosts, and you don't have to do that.

[01:17:48] Sue Bryce | What you have to do is nurture

[01:17:49] Sue Bryce | a community of people off social media that you can sell to and give

[01:17:49] Sue Bryce | to more than you give on social

[01:17:54] Sue Bryce | media.

[01:18:03] Audience Member | What do you think about direct email marketing?

[01:18:06] Sue Bryce | Well, this is what it is. That's what you're doing. You're creating a list so you can email them. But it's not a cold call list. These people have opted into your community.

[01:18:21] Sue Bryce | And you can give them incentives. Anybody that joins my newsletter gets a $100 gift voucher with me, anybody who joins my community, gets first option for, next clients for workshops, for whatever. Anybody who does this gets blah blah blah.

[01:18:39] Audience Member | There's a few questions on selling, not selling, showing, telling. Yeah. If you have 3 slots left for a spot to book by the end of the year, how do you sell but not sell this on IG or social?

[01:18:53] Sue Bryce | Okay. So if you have what?

[01:18:54] Audience Member | If you have 3 slots left for the year to book.

[01:18:57] Sue Bryce | Okay. In order to book

[01:19:03] Sue Bryce | three people, you need to talk to 30. That's the rule. So if I needed 3 bookings, I need 30 or some people in front of me. So the first thing I wanna do is get an audience of people. But prior to doing anything, like workshop wise or anything like that, if I was about to call out for more

[01:19:34] Sue Bryce | clients on my social media, the way I would do it was the 2

[01:19:39] Sue Bryce | weeks leading up to it, I start just showing, like, the most beautiful work that I can possibly show, because I'm trying to entice as many people as I can. Attract it. Go home and sit down and say, I need 3 more clients this year. Be specific. If you need 8, you need 8.

[01:20:15] Sue Bryce | Okay? Because no more and no less than what you ask for, but I don't need them. I want them. I want eight people that I can serve before Christmas that are everything I love in a client. Engaged.

[01:20:34] Sue Bryce | I want them to want this. I want this and build the energy because the second you buy into a mindset of, I don't know how to get 3 more people. You're attracting that. Attract it. Like, don't go on to don't spend any energy manifesting in the negative.

[01:20:58] Sue Bryce | You want 3 more people? Go right. I'm gonna put my business in front of thirty people in the next 2 weeks, and talk about it with so much enthusiasm and love that I'm just gonna attract 8 more bookings. Like, that's how you do it. You get into a positive mindset, you get into an attraction mindset, you start to think about 20 ways I can get 3 more clients, not what I can or not.

[01:21:25] Sue Bryce | I can't won't. It don't. What do I say? Wrong energy. Okay.

[01:21:30] Sue Bryce | The energy you wanna go in with this is I have space for 3 more people before Christmas to hit my target without overworking and killing myself, and I'm so excited to be there. I'm so incredibly blessed to be able to work this business right till its booking height, I am not burnt out. I am my price list is good. I am in balance. I am an equal exchange of value, and I have got some service to give.

[01:21:58] Sue Bryce | Make your next five posts that energy. Fill that energy. I don't know why I put this in here, but it got lost. Do you know how to show kindness with your face? True story.

[01:22:18] Sue Bryce | True, true question. Do you know how to show kindness with your face? It's how you engage when you see a child and you show kindness you go. Do you know how to soften your face, right, to speak to a child? When you show kindness, it's the same way as do you know how to elevate your energy?

[01:22:48] Sue Bryce | Like, before I go into a room and networking event, any event, especially when I'm on stage, I prepare myself, but I prepare my energy to be elevated. I'm not sitting up here thinking. I hope I'm doing a good job. I have prepared my energy to be in a place of open heart, open eyes, open mind I am giving in this moment, and I'm holding all the power in the room because I'm very comfortable with who I am and what I'm doing, and I am elevating my energy. I am bringing my full self to this event, and I am bringing my full self to this business.

[01:23:28] Sue Bryce | And then you get to this presence, and you listen, and you can hold space, and you can ask questions, and you can introduce people, and you are transmitting power. You are not receiving it in that moment. You're not getting validation. You're not like, am I got enough you are there to be the power in the room. You are there to elevate your energy as a business owner as someone who offers a service that potentially you can charge 1000 of dollars for or tens of 1000 of dollars.

[01:23:56] Sue Bryce | And you've got to elevate your importance in yourself, not to be important in the room, but to make everybody in that room feel important because that's what powerful people do. They don't need, they give. So it's so, so important. I've got clarity for the first time in a long time. My goodness, this alignment light bulb just went off, and the goosebumps are here.

[01:24:23] Sue Bryce | Stay tuned. Woo hoo. That's what I like. To hear. Okay.

[01:24:27] Sue Bryce | We are looking at this marketing so wrong when we fill ourselves with value and we fill our product with value, and we know what that product and services, and we can just we can explain it. Simply with enthusiasm, then we can start being creative and entertaining people with our marketing. Ultimately, that's what we're doing here right now is we're just we're filling ourselves with value so that we can talk about ourselves and what we do in relation to how it serves you.

[01:25:04] Audience Member | Mia is starting a podcast next week and hosting an all inclusive women's retreat coming up for 20 women. How can she sell without selling?

[01:25:13] Sue Bryce | Okay. So, ultimately, if you're going to put out that there's a workshop, I would like you to put it out to your community first. If you don't have a community, you have to put it on your social media. And, unfortunately, you're gonna get a sales post out of it. So you can't sell without selling.

[01:25:35] Sue Bryce | What you can do is find a way to show a woman's retreat that you are looking at the video going, whatever these women are doing, I wanna do it. And then you find out it's a retreat, but you're not selling it. You're showing the retreat. That should go to a sales page. And on that sales page, will be much like the anatomy of your about page, who am I?

[01:26:02] Sue Bryce | What do I do? What is this? How do I engage? What's in it for me? What are the logistics?

[01:26:07] Sue Bryce | And at the end, it should be a buy now? And, unfortunately, you're doing a cold sell on social media, and you're doing a sale page, so you're gonna have to make that sales page really, really good, and then do lots of stories also because stories are not on feed and save them as highlights. Also, link your link tree straight back to your sales page. To get as many eyes on there as you can and start building your community now, whatever that is, newsletter, vlog, start inviting people to it.

[01:26:40] Audience Member | A little off topic, but how do you feel about putting so much info into chat GPT about your personal business or workshops? Do we need to worry about putting or giving this information up?

[01:26:52] Sue Bryce | 23 and me have my DNA, honey. I'm not a I'm not a conspiracy theorist. Ai is not trying to steal my life, it is definitely probably using my content across the board because they have thousands and thousands of words out there, but, whilst people worry about stuff like that, I make money.

[01:27:13] Audience Member | Where do you suggest people go?

[01:27:14] Sue Bryce | It's a joke, but it's not a joke. I'm always like, my friends were like, how do you feel about AI? This was about 2 months ago, and I was like, feeling like it's bringing me money, and I like it. And they're like, And I say, Oh, really? You're worried about AI?

[01:27:28] Sue Bryce | Well, hey, I saw the Terminator 2, you know, like, our generation, like Skynet is a real thing. I'm sorry, but the next generations don't understand what we went through, Like, we saw it all, and it's coming for us right now, but I don't spend my time worrying about things that I can't control. I spent my early life doing that.

[01:27:53] Audience Member | So with all of the social media platforms, so much to learn. Where do you recommend we go to learn about the individual platforms? How to best practices?

[01:28:04] Sue Bryce | What is there to learn? What? Go to social media and look at the same. We're the talking to the camera. We're doing a reel with text.

[01:28:18] Sue Bryce | We're editing reels to get, like, there's, like, 9 ways to do a reel, and everybody's choosing one way. Like, what is there to learn? You've gotta have rich visuals, strong copy. We just talked about strong copy. You can start start there.

[01:28:37] Sue Bryce | That's the strongest copy advice I have ever ever been given in business. Show me someone that has done that better. I mean, I there might be resources, and if share them, like, share them for people. Did you know you can go to ask the people? Dotcom, you can pay $9 a month for a subscription, or you get 2 free searches a day.

[01:28:58] Sue Bryce | So every day, if you open that as a tab and every day for a month, you search 2 things, use 2 words You get a better result if you use 2 words, not a phrase, and it will give you every single phrase that people search for around those 2 words. So if your portrait photography, do that if it's personal branding, do that. If it's headshots, do that. It will give you where they're searching, what they're searching for common phrases, most asked questions, it will give you the exact words that they use around what you do. And then you can take all of the words that ask the people are asking, and you can create copy in your AI with the words that people are searching for.

[01:29:45] Sue Bryce | I just had chat write me 7 emails using ST words, very good, Michael. YouTube is a warehouse of free teaching for most things. You're exactly right, ask the people is that website, and there's lots of others, you know, there's like, ask the people as one. I actually subscribed $9 to ask the people I must cancel then. I just realized I saw that the other day.

[01:30:08] Sue Bryce | And I was like, oh, I got 2 free searches a day, and now I know what to say.

[01:30:12] Audience Member | Rosa is a Master Gardener and launched a Guardian Consultation business last spring. She has an audience, but, does not have a community. What do you suggest she does over the winter season to build that community?

[01:30:24] Sue Bryce | Oh, okay. So I would my mom's a gardener, and what I would do is I would call it something really cool like green thumbs or whatever, and just and say Rosa's green thumbs, or Rosa's garden magic, or something cool, and just say, if you join my newsletter, every week, month, quarterly, whatever. I produce, you know, how to do this, how to do that, how to do this, and you've got to talk to them newsletter, but gardening YouTube channel. Get on YouTube, Sister, get on YouTube a 100%. And always invite the community for more.

[01:31:05] Audience Member | I love it. Karen is saying, while this is like like drinking from a fire hose, can you please recap some steps so we know how to develop a plan of action? Where do we start? How do we build those follower numbers if we don't have a community or a big engagement

[01:31:21] Sue Bryce | right now? So something I think I shared here. Is important. Okay. So what if the post was for my clients.

[01:31:47] Sue Bryce | Sorry. The post is about me. So it's a picture of me doing something or the, you know, me doing something simple, like designing you know, how I do these big text things, maybe I'm just doing something like that, and the video is interesting because you're like, oh, because people love it when I do lettering and stuff. And let's say I'm doing something like that, but the copy is for you. Did you know that when you write your goals in your own handwriting, like you physically write it yourself, you have seven times more like like more chance of getting it done.

[01:32:26] Sue Bryce | And you're looking at the text, it's interesting. It's a it's a cool video. You're watching the text, and then you're like, seven times, if you just write it in your own handwriting, so go and journal every day. Make it that simple, like, like, really that simple. It's, but you've got to keep inviting the community to their list so that you can massage this list and nurture this list don't pound them.

[01:32:54] Sue Bryce | Don't oversell to them. Don't over market to them. Those are the people that have opted in to take the next steps with you. Like, build that list, that community. It's very, very important.

[01:33:08] Sue Bryce | So I wrote, oh gosh, and it's really weird. I haven't seen this slide. Maybe I dropped a slide. Basically, I wrote what if the real was about me, but the text was about you? Because how can I make the video about you?

[01:33:29] Sue Bryce | It has to be about me. But the text has to be about you. So straight away, when you see that come up, that feed, and it has an interesting visual, if the text is for you, not about me, you're gonna stay and read it, aren't you? People are selfish. They follow you for you, but they follow you for what you give them.

[01:33:56] Sue Bryce | It's about you, but it's really about what you can do for them, so it's not about you. It's about you, but it's for them. Once you work that magic out, you will constantly be putting yourself out there, but making it about them because it's your freaking face and your content, but the content you are directing is to the person reading it. So they're seeing an interesting visual of you, and they're reading an interesting tip that will help them. That is perfect social media.

[01:34:33] Sue Bryce | Okay. What other questions we have? Come on with your marketing questions. Go for it. Let's go.

[01:34:41] Sue Bryce | No. We've got quiet. Anybody in here? Come on. We've got Mike's.

[01:34:44] Sue Bryce | Yes. Susan. Grab this.

[01:34:47] Audience Member | Alrighty. I have always thought, and I think correct me if I'm wrong. That I was in your very 1st American workshop.

[01:34:56] Sue Bryce | You were Chicago.

[01:34:57] Audience Member | Exactly.

[01:34:58] Sue Bryce | Yeah. So 2011.

[01:35:00] Audience Member | And I just wanna say right here in front of everyone, and all of these people out here We walked out of that room, and we looked at each other, my friends, and we said that girl is a superstar.

[01:35:11] Sue Bryce | Excellent.

[01:35:11] Audience Member | All the way back then. And I find it curious that you didn't bring this up today because I think your superpower is your authenticity? Now there's bumps here.

[01:35:22] Sue Bryce | So to me, authenticity is what I'm actually trying to get from all speakers. What I want is the true from everybody. I want truth from every business owner here, because then if you're not speaking the truth, I smell bullshit, and everybody else can too. There was a speaker on stand up.

[01:35:46] Sue Bryce | It's a

[01:35:47] Sue Bryce | good one this time. I was like, so I study speakers, and I was telling Joe about how I study speakers and what I look for. This stand up, it is a well known night show host. So they're not on the comedy circuit going around. And when you see a comedian, like, I saw Tom Segura do his Netflix special.

[01:36:09] Sue Bryce | I was in the room. He had done that special, that sorry, performance 200 times, because they just tour, they just tour the states, and they just do comedy shows and bars, and and I'm talking 20 minute slots, 40 minute slots, They'll just show up at the improv down the road, and we go to stand up comedy. So I love it, and I love what I got to see Jerry Seinfeld's, his Netflix special, but before it was a Netflix special. I got to see him do it the first time out of 200, and I got to see Chris Rock's first day, and then Chris Rock's Netflix special. And in the year that I saw the beginning to the what he taped was probably I'd say 28% of what was in the first thing made it to the end after 2 hundred rounds.

[01:37:04] Sue Bryce | They test their jokes. They test the engagement. They test the connection like that's what they're doing. Why am I talking about comedians? Because, man, I just opened, like, five doors.

[01:37:16] Sue Bryce | I'm like, wait, can we talk about this more? Okay. So to me, this comedian is a night show host, so they haven't been on the circuit. They get a Netflix special just

[01:37:30] Sue Bryce | because of who they are,

[01:37:30] Sue Bryce | but because they haven't done the work, It's not authentic. Sounds like they're reading jokes. They were also in an upper register, one up from their normal voice, from their show, and they were speaking at a cadence that was too fast. I'm sitting there writing all this down. George, my husband, I say to him, what's give me the speaker feedback.

[01:38:00] Sue Bryce | And he instantly was like, oh, he's talking too fast. And I said, yeah, he's rushing, we're whipping through it. What else? He goes, his voice sounds strained. I said, yes, he's in a little bit of an upper register, which is sign of nerds, people go up into one more register.

[01:38:18] Sue Bryce | He's not hitting authenticity because it's

[01:38:19] Sue Bryce | not authentic content to him. And George could feel everything that I was writing down as a speaker. Now he booked speakers and has done for 15 years, so maybe it has something to do with that, but I was like, no, he can feel it. He knows exactly what I'm reading from this, and you don't quite get it like, until I said, it's not authentic because he hasn't practiced it. George went, yeah, like, straightaway, he was like, that's exactly right.

[01:38:52] Sue Bryce | And I said, because you know he's not touring America. He's got a late night show, and he's just getting a free, like, thing, and it's not funny. Not authentic. Authenticity rates off the charts more than any other emotion in the human body. I've never been afraid of telling the truth, and I think the truth is authenticity.

[01:39:10] Sue Bryce | And authenticity is my truth, So I learned a long time ago that my truth might not be what you believe in or what you want, but it's my truth. And if I own my truth with certainty and conviction, which I do, then that energy alone is authenticity. I also don't lie. If I don't know something, I say, I don't know some I don't know how to do that, but I'll find an expert that does, and I'll be an expert learner. And when I did, like, see other people doing better, I bought them onto my stage and I elevated them because they were better at me than something.

[01:39:46] Sue Bryce | I feel like I've stayed very true to my truth. And I know this because I go home to New Zealand, and Kiwis always say to me, you haven't lost your accent. And I was like, oh, where was that gonna go for starters? I was like, I don't even know. I couldn't even talk in an American accent, but you honestly thought I would get an American accent, living in America, and I thought, you know, to me, it was just like, this was my authentic self, and I was like, you can't, like, On still photos, you can make up a whole lot of stuff about yourself, but on video and on stage, you can't hide a thing.

[01:40:26] Sue Bryce | There's no lying up here. If you're hiding something, it will be exposed while you're up here in these bright lights. And when people ask you for the truth and you lie or you don't give an authentic answer, everybody can feel it. Have I lost myself along the way? Yes.

[01:40:44] Sue Bryce | Have I done things I never wanted to do? Yes. Did I compromise myself? Oh, I do things that make me cringe when I think about it. Did I do things that were beyond my capabilities as a human being?

[01:40:57] Sue Bryce | Yes. And I pushed myself and suffered the consequences with my health or it didn't work, or I didn't get connection with people that I should have had. So you can lose your way, but ultimately never lose who you are, and the the more you are comfortable with who you are, and what you have to share and that you know it's valuable, the more you know that just look, I posted this yesterday. When did we normalize that having 15 likes was a bad thing? Because if fifteen people told me I look good today, I would feel really good about myself.

[01:41:35] Sue Bryce | And we've normalized this. You don't have enough likes. Well, if I'm helping fifteen people and fifteen people are paying me, that's authenticity. Right there, and it will keep growing because I'll be authentic with my people, and they will feel it. And all that comes down to is being yourself and telling the truth.

[01:41:56] Sue Bryce | My mother told me this. If people don't like you, it's because they don't know you. So go and show them who you really are. And when they get to know you, then they love you. So just be who you really are.

[01:42:15] Sue Bryce | That's when my mom said to me, I was a little kid, or I was leave the house to go to school, and I was like, okay. And she said, you know, and now I think if somebody doesn't like you, you might be triggering something, that they see in themselves, and that's okay, but, like, if somebody doesn't like you, it's only the perception of them that they've seen mirrored in you because they don't know you. And if they get to know you and they don't like you, who's not gonna be friends? True right. I'm hungry too.

[01:42:47] Sue Bryce | Let's go. Thank you so much. I want to talk more about marketing because I realized that, one of the coolest things that I'm experiencing as an educator is that shifting my brand to just teaching business and self value and content curation and speak has made me realize that I am shifting my marketing as well, and yet everything still applies to me as it always has. Now I'm just gonna take it to the next level. And now that I've done all my testing, I know what gonna work for my audience, but I also understand what my mode of expression was is, and that's when do I feel engaged on social media?

[01:43:30] Sue Bryce | And when do I feel excited? And what am I creating that makes me feel like I wanna show up to the platform once a week, because that's all you need to do is show up once a week, and keep inviting people to your private groups, to your communities, to your newsletters. Awesome. And thank you very much, and we'll see you next week for our final week. And I believe we've got like 25 people coming for an audience, and we're gonna have a little bit of a rat party afterwards.

[01:44:00] Sue Bryce | So if you're gonna be joining me next week, thank you so much. I have enjoyed this 8 weeks of coaching so much. The one thing that you guys don't understand is I just get near these people, and the amount of information that they give me is extraordinary. And I already know what my next steps are because you guys just give me so much feedback. And in that, it just explodes my creativity and it explodes the path forward.

[01:44:29] Sue Bryce | And I just I see things so clearly, and it's extraordinary to watch people go through a learning cycle and change their business. It's more extra Mary, for me to learn from you, and I really appreciate it, and I really love it. And as usual, a big shout out to our amazing crew, tailored media, to Colin, to Sierra, and to my beautiful host, Melissa. Thank you very much for being here.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Coaching Week 7 ====
