==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Coaching Week 1 ====

Coaching Week 1 - Money

[00:00:00] Sue Bryce | It's when I take everything I need to tell you, and I just, blah, throw it all at you, and you all go woof, and write a whole lot of notes. But now we get to coach it. I've been watching speakers for 15 years, because I study speakers. I'm the girl that goes to a conference as a speaker, and then watches the 6 speakers before her, so she doesn't say the same thing, and that she does something better than they did. Other speakers didn't.

[00:00:26] Sue Bryce | I realized most presenters get on stage and say this is who I am, and this is what I do, and I say, this is who I am, and this is how I do it. My first two create live classes were big, and they built my audience, and they sold big. But when I put 28 days out, that was the coaching track, and that quadrupled anything that my other workshops did, because it's okay to see what someone does, but now you have to learn how someone does it, and that's what I'm really good at. There's four hundred people in this workshop, 400 of you, 400 businesses, 400 personal brands, I'm gonna change your world today. I'm gonna move your needle.

[00:01:14] Sue Bryce | Oh. I want you to make a declaration, right, Dave? Right now today, I will no longer struggle with money.

[00:01:20] Sue Bryce | I want you

[00:01:20] Sue Bryce | to make

[00:01:20] Sue Bryce | a declaration right there. Right now today, I will no longer struggle with money.

[00:01:21] Sue Bryce | I want you to make a declaration. Write it down. The time has come for me to open my money doors, my money flow, the time has

[00:01:28] Sue Bryce | come, to receive an equal exchange, the time has come for me to no longer be stuck.

[00:01:28] Sue Bryce | The time has come for me to no longer suffer with the things I do not want. The time has come to get paid and to allow the money to come to me so I can do incredible things with it for myself, for my family, for my business, This is the time right now.

[00:01:53] Sue Bryce | Let's work out how to do this at whatever level we are at. Do you know this? I just

[00:01:53] Sue Bryce | don't have a keynote on my in studio. Screen. Let's get that up. People don't buy information. They buy structure and organization.

[00:02:13] Sue Bryce | They don't buy content. They buy organized content, right? What are the next steps how do I take the next steps, and how long will it take? Those are the three questions I get asked as an educator. I want you to flip that to your business for a minute for your products.

[00:02:30] Sue Bryce | If your clients are saying, what are the next steps how do I take the next steps and how long will all of this take? If you don't have those systems set up, you can't provide that, right? So this is what people ask me for, this is what people need, you know, they want the steps forward, so let's create a timeline each of us to what we really want. The timeline is not about time, even though you say how long will it take, how long is a piece of string? It's gonna take as long as you unfold in your value.

[00:03:02] Sue Bryce | Some people will unfold so fast, I'm gonna get a change of life story next week, and you're gonna say, what? They broke through in a week that just means you have more stuff, you know, that's getting in your way that you're gonna smash through, the timeline is the path to it. The path to whatever you want is the next congruent step, the next congruent step. Let me talk about dieting for a minute, because it's something you all know about, and it's something that needs to be completely abolished from our lives. How many of you have tried to stay on a diet, but you're struggling to?

[00:03:38] Sue Bryce | You just wanna eat you struggle, you struggle, you struggle, and you struggle, and inevitably you fail, because never once were you actually connected to the goal. The goal was I want to be thinner, but you didn't want address how you like to eat, how you like to move, what's good for you, you just thought the result would bring you happiness. And inevitably, the path didn't bring you happiness, and you can't stay on that path because it's not right for you, so you fall off, and then you say I have no discipline that I'm a failure, instead of addressing the biggest problem, I didn't wanna do it. Now, if you have to discipline yourself to do it, you don't want the result. You just don't.

[00:04:22] Sue Bryce | You want something else. I did not want that result, and I struggled with it. What I wanted was to be alleviated from my self worth and my low body image, and I thought, if I dieted, it would alleviate me of my body image and my body pain. It does not work. It's the same thing.

[00:04:41] Sue Bryce | It's not a timeline. Okay? It's a path. You're creating a path to what you want, and yes, there's a timeline attached to any path, but the timeline will expand, it will change significantly based on how true this path is for you. So I need you to understand something about the way I teach, and this is straight Abraham Hicks.

[00:05:05] Sue Bryce | This is straight Abraham out of Abraham's mouth. Well, out of Esther's mouth from Abraham, don't take action. You can't force yourself to take action when you don't want to walk the path. You can't force yourself to do anything. Okay?

[00:05:21] Sue Bryce | You get into alignment and value and I'm gonna teach you how to do that, and then the alignment forces action, how can it not? Now I put these levels up last week, and I asked you to look at mom and dad, look at yourself, and I need you to know something. Don't lie about money. If you are gonna break your money pain today, if you're gonna change your money life today, I want you to also make a promise that you will never lie about money ever again. Everyone lies about money.

[00:05:52] Sue Bryce | It's the biggest lie you will tell other people and yourself, stop lying about it, start being honest about it, and it removes the shame. Okay. So we worked out where we came from, and we worked out we had some old programming, but I want you to look at that last line on this slide, which level is your business at right now. Now, I don't care if your home life is supported by a spouse mortgages paid, I'm comfortable, therefore I'm kind of in management accumulation. I don't care if that's what your home life is.

[00:06:26] Sue Bryce | How are you running your business? Now maybe, you know, you have a spouse, and you're accumulating and you have holidays and a nice house, and you're like, I'm in accumulation, but your business, your business is in survival, it's not making money. It doesn't have an emergency fund, it doesn't receive money easily, more goes out than comes in, come on. So you can tell me that your private life is cushy or okay or safe, but your business is not operating the same level, and that means that's your money management, not your good spouse who supports you, this is your money management, and this is your money energy. So if you're really honest with me, if you are really honest with me right now, can you honestly tell me you're at management level, or even accumulating in your business?

[00:07:20] Sue Bryce | Right? And that tells me that even though home life might be reasonably safe, you're suffering here because your business is not making good money, right? And it really comes down to that. Your business is not making good money. Now I put this up at on the money wheel, now I'm not gonna walk through it.

[00:07:41] Sue Bryce | You know that these are very basic commerce, this is basic commerce in the growth of a business, your goal this week is to solve the problem of why you cannot take each of these steps. Now if somebody says well, I don't have a product yet, go and solve that problem. Go and make one. And if somebody says, well, I can't sell more because of the economy, you have to solve that problem, because that problem's in your mind. And you need to solve the problem.

[00:08:16] Sue Bryce | Now, does everyone in this room feel comfortable addressing those 5 things right now in their business, or is one of them just gonna make you choke? That's your problem, right? Look at all this. Survival, survival, survival, hardcore survival, survival, management, mostly survival. Our businesses are in survival, man, and you're telling me that you're cushy with money, but you don't have any direct or value.

[00:08:45] Sue Bryce | Maybe your spouse is cushy with money, and you're just writing the cushy wave, maybe you let your spouse manage the money because you don't believe you're good enough at it. Maybe that's your problem. Right? That is the problem. Right.

[00:09:01] Sue Bryce | So now, we wanna sell more units, add more products, increase our prices, lower our costs, and add more value. When you're gonna get this slide, you're gonna get all my slides. This is the question I wanna ask you. Which one of these levels could I not do right now and face the music as to the truth of why you can't, because I need you to come and tell me the truth of it. And when you get to the truth of it, it will just be a lie that you've made up in yourself because you're too scared to move forward.

[00:09:29] Sue Bryce | And being scared is is pointless. You're gonna be scared the whole time. Get used to fear, fears in the back seat. So in the early stages of your business, money not flowing, and you're in survival, but we wanna stabilize, and that means we wanna make sure the business is actually receiving more than it's spending. And then we wanna manage our money, knowing full well that we've gotta do those 3 bank accounts, And when we're accumulating in our business, we have, an emergency fund, and the sooner we can get our emergency fund to $20,000, the safer we are, to a $100,000, the safer we are.

[00:10:06] Sue Bryce | Is there anybody right now that truly write this down, I will save a $100,000 emergency fund for my business to be sustainable and profitable. Is there anybody right now that doesn't believe that that is actually achievable for you. Face that. You gotta face all the blocks to money. Haffees said your job is not to seek for love.

[00:10:35] Sue Bryce | Your job is to seek for every barrier you have put up against it. Your job is not to seek for money, your job is to look at every block and barrier that you have put up to receiving it. That's it, because once you smash the blocks, you're free, and you're making money, and that's freedom. So this will involve a daily ritual of money growth, and you're going to do this every day for the 8 weeks that you are with me, and you will continue after the 8 weeks with me, because you're going to realize that if I do this money if I do this money connection every day, my income just doubled, and Subrise just said, do it every day and double your income, look at my growth, my income went up in increments, because my self value went up in increments, because my focus went up in increments, because what I wanted went up in increments. I went from 25,000 to 50,000 stayed there for 4 years, then I went to a 100,000, stayed there for 2 years, then I went to 280,000, stayed there, you know, you just keep going up and along and up and along, and you add more products and you do everything in the five steps before, and before you know it, you have a clear path, you're selling, you're receiving money, and you don't do a daily ritual anymore because it's part of your thinking, it's part of your voice, it's part of your life.

[00:12:02] Sue Bryce | I will save a 100 $1000 emergency fund. I'm reading that. I'm getting goosebumps all over my body. I need you to understand that this is it. This is it.

[00:12:19] Sue Bryce | This is how I move my needle. This is how you're gonna move yours. Tomorrow, you're gonna wake up and you're gonna pick one of these. Which one are you at? Don't write which one you're at yet, because I'm gonna knock you down a couple of pegs and you're probably gonna be two pegs below it, and you think you're two pegs above it, I need you to stop for a second and just read this.

[00:12:41] Sue Bryce | This is at every level of money. I don't care if you've got a $1,000,000 in the bank and you're sitting here, I'll make it 10,000,000. I don't care if you're at 0, I'll make it a 100,000. Come on, listen to this. You have to choose which one you're going to focus on.

[00:12:58] Sue Bryce | So tomorrow, you're gonna wake up, and each of these steps unlock the next step. Number 1, if you're in debt, you have to face the music, you gotta look at it, you gotta face the guilt and shame, you've gotta come out of the shame closet. You've gotta ask somebody that knows about money for help, you've gotta remove the emotion, and you've gotta take control of what you're avoiding, and you've gotta take back your power. If that's you right now, read that every day, and don't stop reading that until you get to the second step, which is accept it. No more drama, no more avoidance, no more lies.

[00:13:36] Sue Bryce | When you take the emotion out of it, it's just facts, and it's numbers you need to accept it, or you can't fix it. That's where you come out of the shame closet. If you need to take control right now, you're going to be in acceptance tomorrow morning, and you're going to be heading towards setting some big boundaries. Maybe you've looked at the wheel of misfortune, and you've realized I'm leaking money, I'm avoiding it, I'm overspending, I'm giving it away, I'm tight fisted, I have guilt and shame. This is where you're going to stay, you're gonna set some money boundaries, You're gonna set the boundary with yourself, you're gonna set the boundary with your staff, you're gonna set a boundary with who's taking money from you, you're gonna cut off payments that you don't need, you're gonna cut spending, just that gives you dopamine, and you're gonna take control of your money by setting boundaries, and I'm gonna teach you how to set boundaries because giving money away is the biggest way that you lose money.

[00:14:34] Sue Bryce | Maybe you've been through all of that, and now you're like, Kusu, I'm not in survival, I'm good, but I need direction, I need to set some distinct goals, I need to tell money where to go, and I need to learn how to grow it for me, I need to learn how to keep it, I need to learn how to manage it, I need to learn how to send it to where I want to go, and ask for more because when you give money direction, and then you ask for more money, It just keeps coming in the direction that it's going in. Money is benign. It needs to know where it's going, and it needs to know, and I'm gonna teach you how to do that today. Today. Maybe you need connection.

[00:15:15] Sue Bryce | Maybe you know what direction you want, but you've gotta wake up and reconnect to the goal to re empower the goal. Maybe you fell off on your connection because you woke up and you had a bad day, and then you're like, I'm not connected to my goals. I'm back in my ego. I'm comparing myself. I've lost my connection.

[00:15:35] Sue Bryce | I've lost my connection and my love for why I do this. That's what you're gonna focus on. How do I get back into connection with my goals? Define my goals, get invigorated about my path forward, stop getting stuck in my now. You're gonna focus on it.

[00:15:51] Sue Bryce | Okay? Every single day, maybe you're at that level, you're gonna reconnect to it. You're going to look at those goals, and you're gonna feel them. You're not gonna think about them. You've gotta feel goals.

[00:16:04] Sue Bryce | You manifest from your internal self. You manifest from your feelings. Right? And once you manifest from your feelings, you are attracting, so you've got to focus on what you want every day, so that means pulling out the goals and making sure you focus on them. Now, then you're going to create a timeline to it.

[00:16:25] Sue Bryce | Okay? And you're gonna create a timeline to it because that is the next congruent step to what you want. And every day, you're gonna wake up and reactivate the power of that timeline. Okay? Maybe you've done all of that.

[00:16:42] Sue Bryce | Maybe you've got your timeline, you know your path, you know where you're going, all you have to do is wake up every day and empower that timeline. And how do you empower a timeline? You empower yourself to reconnect to what you want so you can read it every day. Now, when I started out, I started out doing a lot of different things. But focus is difficult when your focus has been wanting money and needing money, it's very hard to change your focus to creating money.

[00:17:17] Sue Bryce | So I created some talisman that bring my focus. They don't have to be yours, they might resonate with you, but I created a practice that I would come to every day. The first thing I did was I got a money pick I want you to get a symbol that represents money and value. It could be a cross. It could be your faith.

[00:17:39] Sue Bryce | It could be your Bible. It could be a crystal ball. It doesn't matter. It's not about money, it's about reminding me to come back to value. And the pig for me is I'm the year of the pig in my Chinese horoscope, the pig is abundance, and the pig is also luxury and joy, the pig is a it's a money it's a it's a money bank.

[00:18:04] Sue Bryce | It's a little money pig. So he's a piggy bank, right? A piggy bank represents saving, and I couldn't save money. I just love to spend it. So I was never gonna get ahead.

[00:18:14] Sue Bryce | Until I realized that the piggy, the piggy, my piggy, brings me all the savings for me to live the life I want. So it's just a tellisman. It's a tellisman of value, and it sits on my window sill, my, sorry, my fireplace. And every time I walked past it, I trained myself to say, this is my money pig money shows up for me. So it was almost like just a prompt, like a hypnosis, like, And whatever your prompt is, whether it's to get up and pray, whether it's to get up and meditate, whether it's to get up and journal, make sure that's part of the process, just to remind you to come back to money focus In audit, this is not worshiping money.

[00:18:57] Sue Bryce | I don't worship money. I worship value. I worship valuing myself, I worship gratitude, I worship my path, I honor my path, I honor my wealth, this reminds me of equal exchange. This is my money pig. It looked really old and tired, you might notice, you might think, Sue's got a new money pig.

[00:19:18] Sue Bryce | I didn't. I spray painted it gold, and dipped it in glitter. Now it has glitter all over me, so I said to everyone, come and touch my money packet, so good luck. It's just to remind me of abundance. This was my journal.

[00:19:30] Sue Bryce | I personalized my journals. I found out you can buy temporary tattoos, and just put them on your journal, right? And I started to create a money journal. Now, I don't do this every day anymore. This is this was back when I needed to make money now.

[00:19:47] Sue Bryce | This is in my everyday thinking. So until you learn how to, like, live this way and realize that you're the one blocking all your money, you might need some prompts. Now, my journal became, I don't know, we've got a good close-up here, but let me see. My little book of abundance. Alright?

[00:20:06] Sue Bryce | And my little book of abundance, I realize you can also, put, temporary tattoos just from Amazon. I just decorate it. And my first quote is everything you have is because of what you've believed about yourself. Thank you for believing at me. And then every page is my daily ritual, focus, acceptance, process the emotion, connection to the goals, feel good about it, create a timeline to it.

[00:20:36] Sue Bryce | That's it. That's how I create everything. Every day I have to empower the timeline, Right? And change I want to I create, change I earn to I create, change I can't, change I need, change I worry, change I manifest, change I don't work to I create. I create space, I create income, I create businesses, I create create, I create money.

[00:21:07] Sue Bryce | Every single day, if you can create a timeline to it, it's yours. Timeline, clarity, vision, truth, love connection, take action, honor it every day, receive it. I know who I am, I know what I want, I speak my truth, my heart is activated, I take action, I honor myself, I value my feelings, I receive an equal exchange of value. And I just read through everything here, what do you want? That is the most important part.

[00:21:45] Sue Bryce | What do you want? Then I get to hear, I know that I can activate all the energy in my body with thought, I know, vision, I see, speak is my truth, love is my connection, I do as my action, and my identity, I honor myself, and I receive because I am exactly what I asked for. Today, somebody needs a boundary. And a boundary is to say no. So no is a complete sentence.

[00:22:19] Sue Bryce | Book VIP time because the very most important person in my business is me. I'm so proud of you every day for walking towards what you want and for learning. Okay. Listen to this. I want you to tell me how many of these you can actually tick.

[00:22:46] Sue Bryce | I love my life. I love my body, my beautiful, aging fifty three year old postmenopausal body. I love my path forward. I know where I'm going. Than I love what's on the horizon.

[00:23:08] Sue Bryce | I love my family, and a lot of people don't get there, you know, but they create their own families. I love my friends. I need to make more time with them. Yeah. I love my business.

[00:23:25] Sue Bryce | Every day, I wake up and love my business. I loved my content. Last night, I was levitating, because I'm so excited to teach this class. I love my work team. I love my house.

[00:23:42] Sue Bryce | I love it's my haven. It's the 1st house I've ever owned. I love my partner, my husband. Sorry that you're number 10. I didn't actually think about that.

[00:23:55] Sue Bryce | It wasn't an order. I love my pug. And I love myself. And I did a lot of work to get there, and so many people are like, you know, realizing right now that they're not in a supportive relationship. And that they're about to they come to me to make changes in their life, and then they often look at their spouses and realize their spouses are not changing, and we get resentful about that.

[00:24:27] Sue Bryce | So In order to love everything about you, you've got to start by creating what you want in your life, and it will start with your brand, but it will filter into every other part of your life, because never again will you ever accept less in a different part of your life. When I'm working with people in self value, a lot of people say to me, my partner is not there for me, my partner is not supporting me, my partner does this, and my partner does that. And I always say, What is the one thing you most resent about your partner right now, write it down? What is the one thing that you most resent about your partner right now, write it down? Because what you most resent about them holds your greatest emotional need.

[00:25:14] Sue Bryce | So a lot of women come up to me, specifically women, and say, should I stay in this relationship, this marriage? I don't feel the connection. I don't feel the love. Don't leave someone because love is not being offered to you. Do you know why?

[00:25:29] Sue Bryce | Because if love is not being offered to you, you don't love yourself. So before you leave someone that's not serving love, and you know that saying, leave the table when love is no longer served. I don't really believe that. First, I want you to love yourself and give the person who you're resenting a chance to also fall in love with you. Because if you think they're not loving you, you're not loving you.

[00:25:58] Sue Bryce | It's simple. And until you leave this person, you have to love yourself first. So first, if you love yourself and give yourself everything that you think they're not giving you, then I need you to wake up and give yourself what you think they are not giving you because they can't give it to you. They can only reflect love back to you. And if you don't love yourself, you cannot fix that relationship because you're not trying to fix the relationship.

[00:26:24] Sue Bryce | You're trying to fix yourself and the love you're not getting. Nobody's getting giving you love. You've gotta give yourself love. If you fill yourself with love, and this person does not reflect love back to you, you will leave in love. Meaning, there will be no resentment, no bitterness, no pain, you will simply say, Thank you.

[00:26:47] Sue Bryce | It is time for us to move on, and you will both go very in love. In a place of love, you will both dissipate from this relationship. Truck loads of money show up for me. What are we here? So when I look at my piggy, I call her bling bling.

[00:27:07] Sue Bryce | And I look at bling bling, I go, beep, beep, because I've already set this in my cells. See? This is all I have to do is look at bling and go, beep, beep, and look, goosebumps all over my body, because they know what it means. I'm abundant. Money shows up for me, and I just keep creating and keep giving, and money just keeps showing up.

[00:27:28] Sue Bryce | I'm an abundant human being. Add your Thrive number today. We're gonna get our Thrive number. But before you tell me what your Thrive number is, I'm gonna reset that also and knock that down if you pick because if there's no timeline to your Thrive number, you're not gonna get there. Your goal is to work out what your Thrive number is, and then create a timeline to it every day by picking which level you're at to start working your way through that.

[00:27:57] Sue Bryce | If you're at the bottom level, you can't just go, right, I'm gonna look at it, I'm gonna accept it, I'm gonna set boundaries, I'm gonna give my money direction, I'm gonna connect to what I do, and tomorrow I'll be making money. You won't because you're gonna go back to your old mindset. That's why those stages are so important. Alright. You gotta face the music, you gotta accept the guilt and shame, you gotta ask for help, and you gotta set some money boundaries.

[00:28:29] Sue Bryce | And for those of you that are still stuck on what money boundaries, have a look at this. If you're overgiving, you're overgiving to certain people to get a feeling, but then inevitably when they don't give you back in equal exchange, you feel massive resentment towards them. The boundary is stop paying for it. You gotta start paying for it. Alright?

[00:28:56] Sue Bryce | If you're overspending, you're overspending to feel good, but you're avoiding money and stopping you from having you really want by just getting false dopamine with your spending. You need to come out of the overspending closet. You're lying. You're lying about money to someone. And it makes you feel dishonest inside.

[00:29:18] Sue Bryce | Money honesty is one of the craziest things that I learned. It's like the more honest you are with money, the more it's loyal to you. So when you're in guilt and shame, when you can't ask for anything, you can't manage money, it means that you have some old programming, you need therapy. You need to let go of mom and dad, you need to get into stop people pleasing, you need to start understanding that you people please in order to be liked, and the people pleasing greatest fear is not being liked. So, of course, if you're overspending and overgiving because you're a people pleaser, then you have to cut somebody off, and they're gonna hate you for it, and you're gonna feel responsible for it, and you are not.

[00:30:09] Sue Bryce | That was because you were an overgiver. Right? And you have to say, if you're tight fisted, you're controlling your money, and you're controlling other people with money, and you simply don't believe there's enough out there, and there is. Right? And of course, no direction.

[00:30:25] Sue Bryce | Is really just no focus, no value, nothing left for you, no connection to what you do. So just check-in and set some boundaries with people around it. Now, listen, you don't save people with money, you disempower them, teach people how to go up the levels of money, show people how they can make money, but if you give someone money that can't pay you back, they will never be able to pay you back, and then they'll owe you money, and then they'll stop talking to you, and then they'll go to somebody else, and get money from someone else, and then they'll lo them their money, and then they can't talk to them. And inevitably, you will get stuck watching somebody implode because you wrote the check to help them out, and it didn't help them. It's not gonna help you, and it's not gonna help them.

[00:31:13] Sue Bryce | So when people come to me and they need money, I give them a money lesson, I teach them about the five steps of money, and then every step that they have to take to get out of it. And I have watched all those people grow in money and never ask me for money again. Okay. So remember this, money is not emotional. You are.

[00:31:33] Sue Bryce | If you're setting boundaries and it feels emotional, then obviously, it's not about the money. So I need you to ask one question, why are you being emotional around money? Do you know why you have guilt and shame, and instead of addressing the guilt and shame, you would rather create a money drama that's not your fault because it's an excuse for not being able to take responsibility for yourself. Smackdown. I know because that's where I came from.

[00:32:09] Sue Bryce | You can't talk to me. You can't shame me about money. You cannot shame me about money. I grew up working class. I work when I spend money, I hear one song in my head.

[00:32:23] Sue Bryce | She works hard for her money. She works hard for her money, and you better treat her, right? That's what I hear. Because I work for this. Like, you can't take this away from me.

[00:32:41] Sue Bryce | You can't shame me. You can say, oh, oh, she focus all his money. Yeah. Cause it's a money club. Because what I really focus on is freedom.

[00:32:50] Sue Bryce | I want the freedom of someone, never to tell me, you can go to lunch now. Your corporate reporter will be ready. Have you been kissing enough, but on that corporate letter to get a good report up. Nope. Nope.

[00:33:05] Sue Bryce | I'm a boss, and nobody's gonna tell me what to do with my money. Yeah. You can't shame me about money, so don't even try. You'll only shame yourself. Now I always say, know your numbers, know your numbers, know your numbers, because you don't know your numbers, but here's the thing, create money systems.

[00:33:26] Sue Bryce | Because if you have a money system where you understand all of this, you never have to look at it again. You know it and that's it, but don't not connect to this. This is how you get rich. It's the margin is how you get rich. So until you know exactly how you spend and how you sell and what you receive, you will not get there because if you avoid this, Now, this is basic math.

[00:33:46] Sue Bryce | This is not even fun math. It's not even calculus, a long equation. It's basically units in units out margins and percentages. It doesn't get more basic commerce than this, but this is not the problem. The problem is not knowing the numbers.

[00:34:03] Sue Bryce | The problem is once you know them, I only want you to know them so that you can grow them, so that you can focus on making more income. That's the best part Now money management is a system of confidence in a system of momentum that keeps money cycling through your business. That's why you create these boring systems. Most creatives are like, I'm not gonna create a system, Get a bookkeeper, pay someone else to do this. It's it's a small sacrifice at the beginning that will make you a lot of money, and all of those things can be run and outsourced by other people.

[00:34:40] Sue Bryce | You don't have to be an accountant or a CPA. Pay 1. They love doing it. These people live for this, right, bean counters. When I ask you to do your cost of goods and your cost of doing business, what I'm really asking you to do is this.

[00:35:05] Sue Bryce | Reconnect to how you do business. I want you to reconnect to how you get paid. Feel the equal exchange. Feel it. Feel it.

[00:35:15] Sue Bryce | It's gotta be a feeling. Does it feel good? Reconnect to how you serve Oh, I actually do love this when I'm not exhausted and desperate for money. So get away from your exhaustion and your desperation, enough to reconnect your client, because that next client will spend twice what the one you did before for in stress and worry. Reconnect to why you do this.

[00:35:39] Sue Bryce | If you don't want to do this, change it. If you need time out, if you need to restore, change it. Okay? But reconnect to why you do this, reconnect to the making the money for you. It's for you.

[00:35:54] Sue Bryce | It's for you to share with your family. It's for you to share with your children. It's for you to have, shared experiences the purpose is you, reconnect to why you're doing it, and then attract wealth into your business. Because it's not about knowing those numbers, it's about reconnecting to how you do all of it, how you make those numbers work. Just gonna check-in on the chat.

[00:36:21] Sue Bryce | I told her to. Yes. If you do give, you have to give knowing it's not coming back to you. And who does that with money more than once? Right?

[00:36:35] Sue Bryce | If you do, you're stupid. Or you just like giving it away. It's really that simple. Alright. So getting to that reconnection is one of the biggest ones.

[00:36:45] Sue Bryce | Take this slide, and every day, after you do your money work, ask yourself, how do I reconnect to my business today? How could I reconnect to how I get paid? Like, Reconnect to this idea that I'm valuable for doing this, even just the holding that energy in your body makes you more valuable. It's transformative. Reconnect to the why.

[00:37:10] Sue Bryce | So get control, track your spending, stop all links, create a budget, get a clear picture of your income and expenses, and that's your survival budget right now. That's how you're living right now. And I call that the survival budget. It's truly you're going to clean up your money so that you can grow it. Now you're going to reset that budget, you're going to cut anything unnecessary, focus on your needs over once, This could mean eliminating subscriptions, anything that you don't need anymore, and make sure that you are just looking at who's taking the money out of your business, and is it, are you getting equal exchange or value from them?

[00:37:50] Sue Bryce | So now we have to create an emergency fund, and, you know, a $500 emergency fund is an emergency fund. Trust me, start whenever you can and get it to a $100,000 as quickly as you can. I promise you, nothing that happens in your business next year will ever ever hurt you when that $100 is just waiting for you. It's is there to support you. It is the most false security you will ever have, and it truly will eliminate 98% of your problems.

[00:38:28] Sue Bryce | Now, if I didn't have a $100,000 in the bank, Could I still get the feeling that I do? No. You can't because you can't fake it. If you can get to a feeling of safety with no money in the bank, you're already winning. And I bet you can't because this is false security.

[00:38:50] Sue Bryce | What happens if I got sued? What happens if I was I had a Lamborghini? My insurance will cover this much, but then the rest of the money Like that money could be gone tomorrow in a weirdly a million different ways. I could get hacked, I could get my social security number stolen, gone, all that security gone. It's not safety, but it's an illusion of safety.

[00:39:14] Sue Bryce | And it shifts your mindset so much, you have to ask yourself not having that money makes my mindset more difficult to do this. It's the weirdest thing, 500, and then you get a 1000. When I sell anything, the first goal is 100. I wanna sell 100 units. So put a $100 in a bank account, open an another bank account, and call it emergency fund.

[00:39:42] Sue Bryce | K? Put a $100 in there. Your next goal is to get to a 1000. Right? The next goal is 10,000.

[00:39:51] Sue Bryce | Cause if you can get to 1000, you can get to 10,000. It's a big jump, but you can do it. The next goal is 100,000. You're just gonna keep going, because once you get to 10, there's only 10 times more, you've done it already. You've already proved it.

[00:40:05] Sue Bryce | Each step you take, you get closer and closer. How do I save a $100,000? I made sure I had the equal spending money, because I'm a spender, so I simply saved less and spent the equal amount, and I was happy the entire time. I'd like to ask her, when did she start her first Money journal, and how does she decide what entries to manifest? So what I did was, I started writing this, my Money Journal was Well, this is a new one.

[00:40:40] Sue Bryce | I've been through quite a few, because I change, right? Like my money journals, I wish I'd kept the other ones. My money journals got more and more expensive. Like, the gold's got bigger. Because remember, my first projection for X SB was to never go over 10,000 people.

[00:40:57] Sue Bryce | I've learned that I was creating limits for myself. I do a new one as often as possible, and I just start writing whatever feels good. Mostly it's just about every lesson that I'm showing you. I'll show you that one at the end because that one's super special. Okay.

[00:41:13] Sue Bryce | So your future security is this is this, and I can't wait for you to start getting an emergency fund in your business So you're talking to me about money, you know, last week, and everyone's like, well, I'm in management, I'm in accumulation, I'm in stabilization, and yet so many of you have businesses in survival, Oh, interesting. There might be some little white lies in there. Might be some not quite truths about what's really going on. Makes me realize your business is not in value yet, even if you are. Okay.

[00:41:56] Sue Bryce | We create a survival budget based on exactly that. You know your numbers, and this is your budget, but And you make this budget, and that budget is a number. In fact, if anything goes wrong, that's how much money you need to survive a month, because that is literally what it costs to run your life. And until you can give me a solid number, One solid number. I need $4000.

[00:42:23] Sue Bryce | I need $8000. I need $12,000. Right? So that is what I call your survival budget and then put those into the chat so that you could do the long form ones, but I'm not really interested in your budget. Don't send it to me, I'm interested in what your Thrive number is because that number is one number and that number's going to become your goal, but you're not earning for that number, you know you can survive on this number, you are going to create a timeline to this number every single day until you hit it.

[00:43:00] Sue Bryce | And when you hit it, you're gonna come to me, and you're gonna go super nice. I just hit my thi Thrive number, and I'm gonna go high 5. Do it for the next 3 months. And then you're gonna come back and you go, I just hit my Thrive number for the next 3 months, and I was like, oh, almost like no more and no less than what you asked for. Right?

[00:43:23] Sue Bryce | Let's go. Let's move our needles. I want that Thrive number. Give it to me. I just wanna check-in on your Thrive number.

[00:43:31] Sue Bryce | Is it overinflated? Wishes are kisses? K. They're not dreams is not manifestation. It's a goal.

[00:43:42] Sue Bryce | We need a target. If you want to create a timeline to it, that's the path to it. The path to it has to be in congruent steps with the path you're currently lighting up in front of you. Thanks, Jan. You can start a journal today, you absolutely can start right now.

[00:44:02] Sue Bryce | Look, some people might not want a journal, some people might want to just, like, create a vision board. For me, the my my bling My bingling has so much energy, and my journal is so beautiful, and it sits by my bed. I don't even open it a lot of days, just looking at my journal reminds me to make money. It reminds me to focus on what I want and focus on my goals and my dreams. It's just a talisman.

[00:44:32] Sue Bryce | Like I said, it could be a cross. It could be a Bible. It could be crystal ball. It could be whatever brings you to your, goals and dreams and connection. Very important.

[00:44:46] Sue Bryce | I also don't, you know, want people to think. Like, I also have a gold skull, on the same table, and then I have, like, a crystal ball and add something else. And so it might look a little witch crafty, but they're all just cute favorite things. And when people say, remark about the skull, the skull, I was like, you should always Keep an ex husband, right? To remind you what to not go back to.

[00:45:12] Sue Bryce | So I call this the law of no more and no less. And even though this is where people get tripped up, because if you think I'm going to I'm surviving on 4 grand, I want 12, and that's too big a jump for you, you're this is not the law of more no more and no less than what I asked for. Is it? Because you're asking for more than you have the timeline to it. And in order to get that, you have to something would have to happen.

[00:45:45] Sue Bryce | Somebody would give you money. And yes, that can happen in the world of manifestation, but is tangible manifestation. This is focusing on what I sell, how many units I sell, and so let so if you sat down and thought I could get to $12, but I would have to sell a 1000 more units of my content. If you truly could empower yourself to sell 1000 more, you will get there. But don't put a timeline up that you're not gonna hit.

[00:46:13] Sue Bryce | Focus on the one timeline and the path to it, and that's it. Every single day. Now, we give our money direction when we give it clarity, and we give it goals. And in our Thrive budget are our goals. I want to save $15,000 for a world trip at the end of the year.

[00:46:36] Sue Bryce | In order to activate that direction, you would have to create a special account, or a savings account, or a process or a daily ritual that means every single day I plan the world trip, I think about it, I add money to it, I empower this path, that is what you call giving money direction. Every single day you go working, I'm working to get that world trip, I'm working to pay my mortgage off, I'm working to have this incredible thing, I'm working for the sales money, you start working for the Thrive number. You start working knowing that if I come in here more confidently and more prepared, I'm more likely to get paid. If I give more service and reconnect, I'm more likely to get money, and your focus is I'm gonna hit that Thrive number, I'm gonna hit that Thrive number, I'm gonna hit that Thrive number. Now if you don't hit the Thrive number, you don't sit there and go, I don't think it doesn't work.

[00:47:38] Sue Bryce | It doesn't work. No. You're already on the timeline, you're doing it, you clearly just need to expedite the timeline, and the only way to expedite the timeline is to add more value more focus and clear the emotion around it. It's like that. So no level of going up in money, even from survival has a poor me If anybody tells me at any level of money that it's not their fault, you're lying.

[00:48:12] Sue Bryce | It's your responsibility now. Now maybe your spouse got you in horrible debt. Technically, that would not be your fault, but if you accept the fact that you have been given this debt and that this is your partner and you're responsible for it, then, sadly, it is your responsibility. So there's no more poor me. There is if you're saying poor me around money, you have lost control of your money, and you need to get it back.

[00:48:40] Sue Bryce | And there is no victims. There is no it's not my fault. I can't because This is my responsibility to make my money. It's my responsibility to move forward, and I have to activate that in full value. Okay.

[00:48:57] Sue Bryce | So if you're going from accumulation, then this is actually more personal, and this will be in your slides, you know, this will be in your this will be in your slides. You want your money, you want your business to be able to save money so it can grow in scale, and so it can become more and pay different people, and and then you can choose how to grow. I put this slide in for investment level, but I don't want to talk about investment level yet. I mean, there are a lot of people that are just starting to make money, but I don't I think this is what you do once you've hit your Thrive, and then increased your Thrive, and then increased your Thrive, and then you're at investment. So that's a good slide for you to work through.

[00:49:38] Sue Bryce | But this is where I really wanna talk. I had this weird moment on Sunday, where I was, talking to a friend of mine about becoming a personal brand. Now remember I had a rock bottom year in 2009, 2010, I knew I wasn't doing it. I wasn't doing this new path. I wasn't, putting myself out there for speaking.

[00:50:02] Sue Bryce | I wasn't creating a workshop. I wasn't selling a workshop, and I wasn't selling products, but I knew where I wanted to go. So I was talking the talk, but not walking the walk. But it was when I created my very first, education product that I realized I never valued photography. I didn't value myself as a photographer.

[00:50:24] Sue Bryce | I didn't value what I made. And weirdly, when I created the those posting cards, that was my wheelhouse, my superpower, I felt like instead of competing with thousands of other photographers constantly and putting my work out

[00:50:38] Sue Bryce | there and not feeling good

[00:50:38] Sue Bryce | enough, I created

[00:50:38] Sue Bryce | something no one

[00:50:38] Sue Bryce | could compete with me on and I realized the value I felt in that moment made me realize that I did not value that, and I never had. And it was like, So why didn't I value that? I did value that, but I was always in comparison. I valued it so much, but because I couldn't sell it, I would look the world, and I go, well, why would you go to the her for as a photographer? Look at my work.

[00:51:17] Sue Bryce | It's it's better than hers. I was always in competition, never in value. And and that was it. I didn't value what I did. Didn't value how what I created for people, the space I held for people, the beautiful, work that I created for them, because I was always in comparison, so I was never good enough.

[00:51:40] Sue Bryce | I was never good enough. And if I think about it always in comparison, it wasn't until I created a product where there was no comparison to me, that I, literally, my trajectory in my industry just went way past everybody else, and I was like, yes, and there is no competition up here, so I can't sit there and compare myself. And then I realized I'd been working through my ego this whole time. There's not a lot of money in ego. It's gotta be too far.

[00:52:11] Sue Bryce | So once I hooked onto my true path was now I value my photography, now I value the education I can create, now I see I also realized when I started teaching workshops in 2010, you all didn't have businesses that made a $1,000,000, and I did. I didn't know that. I just thought everybody was successful at as me. I just thought everyone knew what I knew. I thought everybody was doing what I was doing, and then I started to go, what do you mean?

[00:52:39] Sue Bryce | You guys don't do this? You don't sell like this? This is not weight. Really? You don't value this?

[00:52:44] Sue Bryce | Then I realized how valuable I was. I was like Oh, my Right? Yeah. So you're gonna choose that money slide, and tomorrow you're gonna pick which one you're at. Okay?

[00:53:09] Sue Bryce | You can download this whole PDF, but these are the questions that I need. So what do you want right now? What are we gonna manifest? What do you want? Might be 10 new clients.

[00:53:22] Sue Bryce | It might be, a new car. It might be a new house, a new investment property, it might be, something simple, a new camera, might be a new computer. Might be, something for, you know, your business, but in order to create anything, you need to get into alignment with it. Okay. Wanna tell you a story about alignment and why it feels like magic.

[00:53:53] Sue Bryce | I'm indigenous Maori. I'm New Zealand Maori. I'm mixed. And my, my Maori side, my Maori side comes with a very spiritual connection to my Tupona, which is my ancestors. When I went to Australia once, I could hear an aboriginal karaki calling, in my country, we call it a karakiya calling, which I can hear when I get near Amari, which is our meeting place.

[00:54:24] Sue Bryce | And it's in the land, and I feel like I'm part of the land, and New Zealand, we say, I'm Tonga Tefinwar, I'm of this land. So when I came to the US, I did it 23 and me, and my DNA marker comes up as 25 Percent Native American, because same, you know, we populated Southeast Asia through, South America up to, if you look at the flow of evolution of human humanity in the world. And so I have a connection to me, I have a connection to New Zealand to Australia because I have 3% of original blood from my mom's side, and I can feel their calling, and that tribe there. So when I came here, I found out this is Navajo Land, and so the same way we looked at 18 houses to buy a house, the 1st house we've ever bought, and, we looked at 18 houses, and none of them were good. But there was this one house.

[00:55:21] Sue Bryce | And when I saw it, I knew it was mine. So I said to my husband, this is our house. And in 18 houses, we didn't put them one offer, and all of them were just ridiculously overpriced at the end. So we go along, and we stop, and my window is down, and a woman walked past my window, and she said, you might as well go home. It's already sold.

[00:55:45] Sue Bryce | And in my head, I said, it can't be. It's mine. Then my husband walked inside with 25 other people at this open home getting pushed around, and I stayed out the front. I put my hands into the earth in the garden in the front, and I did a prayer from my country. I did an indigenous prayer.

[00:56:06] Sue Bryce | And I said, I called to the Navajo, and they came straight through. I got this instant feeling. An entire tribe was there. I saw a beautiful, big chief in my mind's eye, and I said, bring this land to me, I will honor it. I finished.

[00:56:23] Sue Bryce | I was crying. I walk into the house for the first time. I know where everything is because it's my house. I get out to the car, I look at my husband, and he was like, this. And I was like, it's our house bay.

[00:56:39] Sue Bryce | And he's like, nah. Didn't like it. So I sat there wrestling with this thing. Do I tell him what I just did? So I was like, okay.

[00:56:56] Sue Bryce | Clearly, no, we don't put it on offer. That was number 15. We go 13, sorry, lucky 13. We go to 5th 5 more houses, and on the 5th one, he turns to me and he goes, oh, we should have bought that one, that number 13. I want to punch him in the throat, like, in the car, like, god, shocked, but he was driving.

[00:57:17] Sue Bryce | Like, poof, I guess so. I am so enraged. We have an argument. And then I look at him, and I was like, Oh, why don't you go and buy a house then? And I'll go and buy a house, and then we'll see if we can make it work.

[00:57:32] Sue Bryce | And after I got through my rage, I look at him and I go, we're not an alignment. With what we want. You want something different, I want something different, until we get into alignment, what we want will not come to us. And he was like, okay. So that night we sat and talked about alignment, what he wants, what I want, the compromise, and I want land in a shack.

[00:57:57] Sue Bryce | He wants a house with no land, a big one, and I'm like, you know, like, I wanna be in the nature, and he's like, with the snakes, You know? And so we're kind of battling it out. I wake up in the morning, and the last thing I said to him is when you get into alignment, magic happens, because alignment is magic, it's when we're on the same page, It's when what we want is on the same page. It's when what we do is on the same page, and it's hard to get into alignment with somebody else because you can't attract for someone else. You could only get into an equal alignment of what they want and what you want, And the next morning, I woke up at 7, 7:30, and George was standing by my bed with his laptop open like this, looking at me.

[00:58:39] Sue Bryce | And I was like, good morning. And he goes, number 13 just came back on the market.

[00:58:48] Sue Bryce | So I said, oh, cool, because I did a thing.

[00:59:00] Sue Bryce | Explained to my husband. And he was like, you know, looking at me like this, and I was like, so that's pretty much the Navajo just saying you can have this house now without the extra $400 that was getting added on by all those five people, we got it at asking. That's alignment. And if you want more stories of alignment, I'll give you one every week that will blow your mind because I live in alignment. And if I'm not in alignment, I don't get what I want.

[00:59:37] Sue Bryce | This is how I do it. You're gonna put what you want up here right here. Just gonna write what you want. And then you're gonna say, why do you want it? Why do you want it?

[00:59:56] Sue Bryce | And you have to you have to really write why you want that. Right? What's your intention in getting it? What's the intention of getting it? What is your prayer for it?

[01:00:13] Sue Bryce | Or declaration? Same thing. Declare it to god, declare it to the universe. That is manifestation. Declaration is a synonym for manifestation.

[01:00:25] Sue Bryce | I declare it. I claim it. Like, it's mine. This is what I want, and with intention, and you're going to describe it so much detail because it's what you want. What is your vision for it?

[01:00:42] Sue Bryce | What is the clarity around this? What clarity and certainty and eviction do you have around it? Like, can you tell me what your truth is? Why? What is your truth here?

[01:00:59] Sue Bryce | This is for you. You don't have to read this to anybody. This is about what you want. This is your truth. You can be as you can be as huge and big and shiny and these these questions as you want as long as they are true and authentic to you.

[01:01:14] Sue Bryce | Alright? What is the connection to this thing? What is your connection to this thing? What is the heart activation? When my heart is activated, so alignment is, I think something I know Oh, I'm getting a clear vision for it.

[01:01:31] Sue Bryce | This is clarity, that's vision, Okay? I'm speaking it up. I'm doing this. I'm speaking about it. I'm talking about it.

[01:01:38] Sue Bryce | Your voice is expression, your voice is power, your voice is creation, creation energy comes out of your mouth, And as soon as you get a vision for it, and you can that this is my truth, this is my authentic path, this is what I want, this is where I am, and this is where I am, and this is my connection to it, my heart is so activated, I'm in alignment. That's how you know you're in alignment. And when you're in alignment, you don't need to sell anything. People are just attracted to you. How did that house come up in the morning at 8?

[01:02:13] Sue Bryce | How did that house come to me? I did not put a deposit on that house. My husband had his arms folded that day. He broke my heart. The Never Ho did me a favor.

[01:02:24] Sue Bryce | They saved me $400,000. I would have fought for it. I would have fought so hard for it if my husband had to let me. I would have added money and added money because I knew that was my house. The Nevahoe said, relax girl, you're gonna learn a lesson about alignment with your husband, and then we're gonna get you in here at a good price.

[01:02:43] Sue Bryce | And you know what? The day we moved in, our moving truck couldn't come, and we had to sleep in this little air bed in the middle of this house with nothing else. We got a burger delivered. We sat on the floor and ate burgers, and laughed, and it was so much fun, and we slept on that a little wee blow up bed, and in the morning, you know, how I say the downloads are there for you in the morning. As I was waking, I saw the chief in my dream, and he was just standing there, and he was big.

[01:03:13] Sue Bryce | And he was just looking at me like this, and I I lay there, and I said, Thank you. Thank you. And he said, you're here to heal. And I said, yes, I'm a healer. And he said, you're here to heal.

[01:03:34] Sue Bryce | And I said, oh, then I will heal here. And then it was gone. That's alignment. I know what I want. I know who I am.

[01:03:49] Sue Bryce | I empowered every day. I have the vision for it. I have a clear path. I know what I want. I'm out of my way.

[01:03:57] Sue Bryce | Nothing is stopping me. That is magic. It's freaking magic. And how does that happen? I don't know.

[01:04:04] Sue Bryce | Call it whatever you want. That is magic. I have so many incredible stories like this. Right? Alright.

[01:04:16] Sue Bryce | Don't be deserving. If you say I'm deserving of good things, You're saying you're not deserving. You're all born good. Everybody can have what they want. It's not whether you're good or bad.

[01:04:32] Sue Bryce | You don't deserve it or not deserve it. The bad people deserve to make money, not your business. What matters is that what you want, not what you think you deserve or what you say you deserve, because that's not right. It's just not right. So what do I want?

[01:04:51] Sue Bryce | Why do I want it what is my intention around it, what is my prayer, what is my declaration, what's the vision, what's the clarity, what's my truth, what's my authenticity, what's my heart, connection to it, and then what is the action that I'll take to get to the next congruence step? That is alignment. Every day, you have to do your daily ritual, and I want you to do a daily ritual of money for 5 minutes. Go back to that original slide. I'll take you back there in a minute.

[01:05:17] Sue Bryce | Okay, let actually, I'll back there right now. This one? No. That's investment. Okay.

[01:05:24] Sue Bryce | So it doesn't matter where you're at. Tomorrow, you're gonna be hitting one of these levels for me, and you're going to journal about it. You're gonna write about it. You're going to you know, do some thought work. You're going to listen to the emotion in your body, and then you're going to process those old thoughts and those old emotions around whatever level you are, so you can take that beautiful next step.

[01:05:48] Sue Bryce | Alright? This is truly how it works. Okay. Let me take you back to here. You gotta ask me some questions, guys.

[01:06:00] Sue Bryce | Let's go.

[01:06:02] Chat Host | Jannette asked, it's hard to do this without feeling selfish and believing.

[01:06:06] Sue Bryce | I Okay. Stop right there. If you're feeling selfish, you're in your ego. If you're feeling selfish, you're in your ego. Okay.

[01:06:19] Sue Bryce | Selfishness is, I I I shouldn't do this. That's your ego. Okay. And you're more focused on what other people will think of you than what you want. Snap out of that loop.

[01:06:33] Sue Bryce | The loop in our mind is our ego, comparison, competition, and self doubt. If those come up, that's not giving, that's ego, and also if you say I if you feel bad about receiving money, that means you don't feel good about what you gave, so you don't have any value. Even though I've never been a working photographer, the house story makes me even more sure a wire followed and learned from you. Well, yes, because you can do this without being a photographer. You can do that with everything in your life.

[01:07:10] Sue Bryce | It's so important. Do it with everything in your life. Right? More questions.

[01:07:15] Chat Host | How do you know if you're on alignment if it's only you?

[01:07:19] Sue Bryce | Oh, you know, money is flowing. Work is flowing. Life is growing. The the pavement is riving the road is rising to meet you. The wind is at your back, the sun is in your face, and you feel good.

[01:07:35] Sue Bryce | And there's no resistance. You just feel good, and it's a good feeling.

[01:07:39] Sue Bryce | I feel that.

[01:07:41] Chat Host | Pauline had a great question, and a lot of other, others agreed with this. I go from management to survival to management to survival again every couple of years. How do I get better balance? Why?

[01:07:52] Sue Bryce | Why do you go from management to survival? What happens?

[01:07:53] Sue Bryce | What happens when you do it? Now maybe That person might say, well, I do some money work, and then I focus on my money, and then I lose focus on my money, and go back to an old mindset, because you didn't shift it. Why do people win Lotto and lose it all in a year? They didn't change how they see money, how they value money, how they keep money. Very, very, very, very telling.

[01:08:23] Sue Bryce | Is there a way to frame it with your money and have it be the same since value is relative?

[01:08:27] Sue Bryce | Ariel, hit me with

[01:08:28] Sue Bryce | that again. I don't quite understand the question.

[01:08:35] Chat Host | April also asked, she said she's a spender too. What do you mean by equal amount spent?

[01:08:40] Sue Bryce | Oh, yes. So I'm gonna save a $1000 a month for the next 12 months, and I'm gonna spend a $1000 a month. And whatever I want to spend it on, well, wouldn't you rather save 24,000, or clearly you're a saver, but I'm a spender, and I need to spend. So I will slow my savings down in order to spend the amount of money that makes me feel good. What happened?

[01:09:03] Sue Bryce | What do you think happened to me after a year of doing that? What shift did you think? Seeing the savings grow? No. I stopped spending the money because I felt like I had everything.

[01:09:14] Sue Bryce | And once I suddenly felt like I was like, I don't need more clothes, I don't need more shoes. So then all of a sudden, I was like, I don't actually need to spend money. It was the day I walked into Saks Fifth Ave, walked around Saks, knowing I could buy anything in there, and didn't buy anything because they didn't need anything. And I didn't need to impress the idiot that did that to me the last time. That's when I knew.

[01:09:39] Sue Bryce | I was like, I don't need anything, and I have spending money. I don't need a thing. In fact, the richer I got, at least I needed anything.

[01:09:58] Participant | So I've done this survive and Thrive budget for my personal finances, but I haven't ever done it for my business.

[01:10:04] Sue Bryce | Mhmm.

[01:10:04] Participant | And if we're split if we're splitting the income into thirds, would they have to be the same in order

[01:10:12] Sue Bryce | Well, here's the thing. With your with your budget, it all the money and income you take, knowing that a third goes to you, a third goes to them, and a third to taxes, and a third goes back to the business. So really what you need to work out, like I said in the money segment, in 3, is if my product is $300, but the margin is $100, I don't need to sell 20 to get to my Thrive number I need to sell 60. When you work from your actual profit margin, then you make the number. If you work just generally, I wanna make you know, that's not yours.

[01:10:50] Sue Bryce | You've got to divide it.

[01:10:52] Participant | So does it make sense to do one for your personal and for your business?

[01:10:55] Sue Bryce | Well, the thing is you don't need to do one for your personal once you're doing it for your business unless you need to do a budget for your personal sale.

[01:11:02] Sue Bryce | Right.

[01:11:02] Sue Bryce | Because your business 1 is what's where all your money is coming from. Just to understand that your personal one will be involved will involve your partner, but your business 1 does not. And being that that's where you make money and contribute to the house, you should work on your business money.

[01:11:18] Sue Bryce | Okay. Thank you. Yeah.

[01:11:18] Sue Bryce | Because it's different than your normal money, and obviously you're doing it. I can see lots of questions.

[01:11:24] Chat Host | We had one from Kate earlier that that builds on that. How do you do the whole survival, Thrivel, if you share everything with your spouse, like bank accounts and all the expenses? If something ever happened to one of us, how would we support all of the expense on my own.

[01:11:39] Sue Bryce | That's right. So you have to trust your partner now and say we need a Thrive account, and we need to re this is our survival budget that we live on. We need to get to a Thrive budget, which will mean us attracting more money into our home, where is this money gonna go and you get on the same page there? After you get on the same page there, you're both saving for the same goals because you're both in alignment with the goal, and you both feel good about the goal. And you have to get an alignment together.

[01:12:07] Sue Bryce | And one of the first things you need is an emergency fund. Now, if you are currently with somebody who is terrible with money, you have to take control of the money. It's just what happens in a relationship, and then, you know, people only ever fight about sex and money. Did you know that? You gotta get to a place where you're both in a alignment with money, otherwise you have to build alignment away from somebody who's in debt.

[01:12:36] Sue Bryce | The closer you are in proximity to people who are in money pain will bring you down fast in your money energy. Money pain is harsh, hardcore. And I was there, and I've seen it. Okay. I work with people that are growing in money now.

[01:12:51] Sue Bryce | The people around them are sucking in money, and they're getting money injuries, like really weird stuff, and I was like, that's a money pain injury, but I thought you went in money pain, but they're around somebody who is, and it's bringing back all that negative into their body. It's a hard place, but you need to sit this person down and say, Hey, you might not be ready to hear this. But I just did a money class, and I'm gonna change the money coming into this house from this day on. I need you to get on the same page. And if you don't want to be on the same page, I'm gonna have to set boundaries around you, because you are hitting some of my leaks.

[01:13:36] Sue Bryce | My mom did that to my dad. My dad in the end was like, well, I'll never get us a house. My saved for a house, and my mom gave my dad. It's spending money every week. It was $30.

[01:13:49] Sue Bryce | I remember it. I was young. Dad got his $30. And my mom was like, we'll never get there. Unless we do this.

[01:13:58] Sue Bryce | And he did it. He did it for the whatever many years until we got our house, and I I was fourteen when we got it. So they were forties. She had to. He just couldn't do it.

[01:14:12] Sue Bryce | So when you come back to this alignment, this what do I want? There it is. And then we wake up every single day, we focus on it, acknowledge our money, accept it, we look at it, we process the emotion around it. We process the emotion, around it. Manifestation is focus and emotion.

[01:14:43] Sue Bryce | So you have to focus the emotion around it, focus on the on the goal, and then you have to process the emotion that's around it. Cause if the emotion is negative or resentful or needs boundaries, or has stress, it's not gonna flow. Then you're gonna connect to it. You're gonna feel the goal, you're gonna feel the path you're most connected to, and you've gotta feel good about it, and then you're gonna create a timeline to it. And lastly, gratitude.

[01:15:11] Sue Bryce | Now, I have been broke broke. I have been month to month broke for a long, long time. If you told me to be grateful, I would have told you where you could stick your gratitude. I had normal life gratitude. Thank you.

[01:15:27] Sue Bryce | I'm healthy and well. Thank you. I have, family and friends that I love. Thank you. I'm not starving.

[01:15:34] Sue Bryce | Thank you. There's a roof over my head. I understood gratitude. But when people were like practice gratitude, how can I practice gratitude when I'm broke, down on my luck, don't have what I want, which is suffering, stuck in this place that I can't look after myself, felt out of control, felt like I had no, like, self worth, felt like I had no chance? How could I be grateful?

[01:16:01] Sue Bryce | Well, Joe Dispenser says gratitude is a celebration of that something you wanted has been received. That's when I understood gratitude. I wasn't grateful because there were things I wanted that I just couldn't get couldn't have that I felt stuck getting. And I was angry that I couldn't get them. So how could I be grateful for what I have when I clearly don't have what I want?

[01:16:26] Sue Bryce | The second I started saying this is what I want and activating it, I'd get it. That was the moment I understood that. It is truly you are receiving something you've asked for, something you really want. And every time I would put that goal up there, I would then receive what it is that I want, and I would just hold it in gratitude. That's when positive affirmations work.

[01:16:57] Sue Bryce | Positive affirmations don't work to move you. Positive affirmations work as a confirmation, which is another synonym to manifestation to what is working. So when I would get evidence of gratitude that something I want has been received, I would pile 10 positive affirmations on the receiving of it. Listen to this, Thank you. Thank you.

[01:17:20] Sue Bryce | I asked for that, and it was provided. Thank you. I love it. Thank you. I can enjoy it.

[01:17:27] Sue Bryce | Thank you. It's gonna make my business better. Thank you. It's gonna make my day better. I'm getting everything that I asked for.

[01:17:34] Sue Bryce | I'm getting everything I asked for no more and no less. I'm gonna start asking for more. Look at this. It's working. This is evidence.

[01:17:42] Sue Bryce | This is proof of life. I get to have this. I get to use this. And all they did was ask for it. They asked for it and held the focus for it.

[01:17:51] Sue Bryce | And now it's here. Now it's mine. And I can do this with anything that I want in the world because as long as I want it, and I can create a timeline to it, hold the focus to it, I can have it. And see how those positive affirmations on top of an I've got so many bumps. This go see, go see, go see, go see, go see, go see.

[01:18:21] Sue Bryce | So what kicked you out of alignment? Ah, here we go. Lucky last, every day I want you to reconnect to your alignment, which is what you want. Your alignment is what you want and empowering a clear path towards it. I want you to stay out of the mind loop.

[01:18:38] Sue Bryce | In the mind loop, you feel competition, you feel ego, you feel comparison, and you feel self doubt, you also feel loads of resentment. You'll get stuck in your mind and resentment in your mind. And if you feel the need to gossip, if you feel the need to vent, you are empowering that loop. You are making the loop worse because you're stuck in your own head, and if you're stuck in your own thoughts, you're not asking for work, you're not in alignment, and you're not creating, and you're not attracting money, you're attracting more thoughts, that will simply amplify your ego. So your job is to stay stuck out of that loop, and how you know is this is what a loop looks like.

[01:19:29] Sue Bryce | It's just thought, chronic thought, becoming a belief. K? And that's when you've gotta stop going, oh, man, I'm in my ego. I'm in competition. I'm in my ego.

[01:19:42] Sue Bryce | I'm bitching. I'm venting. I'm gossiping about other people because what you say about other people holds more truth about you. What you say in other people holds the truth to you So if you go, look at all those people out there being fake, that's because you don't want to put your face on Instagram so you don't feel fake, but somehow you're making it about me, who's doing it, actually doing the work, in alignment, And if you keep getting stuck in your mind, you're never going to get to your alignment, so you have to refocus what you what you want, and here's the secret to getting what you want. You've gotta feel good about creating it.

[01:20:25] Sue Bryce | My job, every day, is to focus on what I want, process the emotion that's in my head, in my head, and then refocus on what I want, and then feel good about creating it. That's it. That's the magic. You can do that before you get out of bed. Trust me, this is alignment.

[01:20:44] Sue Bryce | I want you to process your emotions, and then I want you to honor your feelings, your gut instinct, honor your intuition around, why am I getting hit with this? Why is 3 clients said that I'm expensive this month? Because I've been worrying about money, and now they're telling me that I'm expensive, where nobody's ever said that to me before. Why am I attracting this? What is my intuition around this?

[01:21:09] Sue Bryce | How do I feel? Do I feel good creating this today? What don't I feel good about? What don't I feel good about that needs a boundary? What don't I feel good about that needs change?

[01:21:19] Sue Bryce | I'm gonna honor my creativity because my creative self as my gut instinct where I get up every day and honor my creativity, and then I honor my emotions every day, because if my gut is telling me that somebody's doing something wrong, I need to listen to it. If my gut is telling me that I'm out of alignment, I need to listen to it. Your entire emotional center is here. In your belly, you eat it you drink it, you jam it up, you get constipated, you get sick, you get in pain, how you digest is how you take in all that life and process it. It's also where your creativity is, it's your pleasure center, it will get blocked with overeating, over drinking, overspending.

[01:22:07] Sue Bryce | It will get blocked when your gut instinct is telling you to do something, but your mouth is not speaking out of boundary to do it. And when you get blocked, you get sick. So that's what you have to do every single day. Give me some questions.

[01:22:24] Chat Host | Beja says my biggest struggle is constantly feeling overwhelmed with the amount of tasks I have to do. Can you please remind me again where do we start? First with the budgets, and then writing, thinking what do I want, and why do I want it?

[01:22:36] Sue Bryce | Well, you have to do your budget anyway, so you know where your money is going. And if you have lots of tasks to do, you have to learn how to outsource them or enjoy doing them. But you'll find most of the tasks you're talking about are actually avoidances to doing the work anyway, and once you don't avoid the work anymore, tasks don't take over. This is another way I connect. You might not have noticed this, but in the questions I asked you to what you want, you'll find every word on here.

[01:23:15] Sue Bryce | So whenever you manifest anything, the purpose is you. Can't manifest for your children. They can share it, but that's not who you manifest for. You manifest for you You teach them how to manifest for them, create for themselves. But the purpose is you.

[01:23:33] Sue Bryce | If you write any purpose of manifestation that's not for you, it's for someone else, it won't come to you. You're lying. God knows you're lying. They're like, yeah, good try. Make it about you, and we'll send it down.

[01:23:47] Sue Bryce | Alright? Now, every time you set a goal, I wrote what's your intention. Right? What's your prayer? Declaration?

[01:24:00] Sue Bryce | What's your vision for it? What's the truth of it? For you, your truth, your authenticity? What's your belief What's your creativity around it? What's your gratitude?

[01:24:17] Sue Bryce | Because that's your identity. And then what I did was every time I asked for something, I created what I call I call them intentions, and they have, like, little beads, crystals, anything I could cut off old dresses, like, I went around and found, like, Christmas bells and things, and inside everyone is more than an intention I've set. For money, I've set them for this one was for the world, to find self value, just an intention for everyone to find their highest value. This one was for my husband, for my we for my marriage, this one was for, my that one was for all of my best friends. I every time I did one, and I just filled them with writing and intention.

[01:25:16] Sue Bryce | And if I think about all the words that are written on this jar, like, that I just set them, it's what's your intention, what's your prayer, what's your vision, what's your truth, what's your connection, what's your belief, what's your creativity, and what's your gratitude. Those are all the power centers. Every one of those words are action words, they're all take me to the next step. So I connect to that because all of those come from me. And that's why when I ask the question what do you want, that's why you write something, why do you want it is also the reason that motivates you to ask for it.

[01:25:53] Sue Bryce | And until you can really say, why do you want this? You probably won't get it. Then what is your intention? What is your prayer? What is your vision?

[01:26:01] Sue Bryce | What is your truth? What is your connection, what is the activation, and what is the next congruence step. So in that moment, when I write my intentions, I write them hitting every one of those notes, feeling each one of them, feeling each one of them. Yeah. Now, these are talismans to bring me back to the work.

[01:26:22] Sue Bryce | Some people do vision boards, some people journal, some people video themselves, some it doesn't matter. It's whatever it's gonna make you do it. Like, I do silly things like this, but I love this, and I love what it represented. When I made them, I set each intention creatively at a full place of love because I enjoyed the process of it. And, you know, I sort of saw them as spells, that I was sending out into the world with all my intention and love, and I just packed them full of beautiful things.

[01:26:53] Sue Bryce | And then, yeah, bling bling bling bling reminds me about Beep, it reminds me to have a positive attitude towards money, and the more I have this constant, positive, creative attitude towards money, the more it flows to me. Flows flows. Flows.

[01:27:14] Chat Host | How long should a beginner's timeline be?

[01:27:16] Sue Bryce | Oh, that's not a timeline about time. Do you mean how many activation points should be on it? Because it's not about time. Remember? The timeline is the path to it.

[01:27:37] Sue Bryce | It's the steps you have to take. It's not the time to get there. Time unfolds. Time is not linear. Today is unfolding today.

[01:27:50] Sue Bryce | Yesterday's done. Tomorrow is unborn. It's not a timeline. It's a path.

[01:27:56] Chat Host | How do you process the tough emotions that come up when you acknowledge them?

[01:28:00] Sue Bryce | Yes. Who else is going to? Who else is going to process the emotions in your body? Why do you need to process emotions right now? Follow it.

[01:28:16] Sue Bryce | Fix that so you can take the next steps, or, you know, you can never let go of some thing. Don't tell people to let it go. Let it go. You can't let it go. It's emotional.

[01:28:28] Sue Bryce | You don't let go of emotion, but you can process it. You can process emotion. So you can say, why do you always bring this up? What does it mean to you? Why do you constantly bring this emotion up?

[01:28:43] Sue Bryce | Why do you say that this is the thing that's stopping you from moving forward? Go to the core of it? So, yeah, all you're ever doing is just processing why you're stuck in your head today instead of taking action and alignment. So, yes, big emotions, big journals, big go to therapy. Go to therapy.

[01:29:09] Sue Bryce | If if they're that big, that it's stopping you from having a business, Don't deal with that.

[01:29:18] Chat Host | How can we shift our mindset to see if our self worth is as separate as than our amount of money that we can make? Okay.

[01:29:25] Sue Bryce | Oh, say that again.

[01:29:27] Chat Host | How can we shift our mindset to see if our self worth is separate from the amount of money we can make?

[01:29:33] Sue Bryce | It's not. It's not separate. When your self worth comes up, your money will come up, but it's not the self worth outside to everybody else the self worth inside you. Everybody thinks upgrading their self worth is looking like you're more, but it's actually becoming more inside you. It's not separate from you.

[01:29:53] Sue Bryce | You can't ask for more until you believe you're worth more. You have to go into self value to get money. You have to go into self value to get money. If you don't start connecting your self value to your money, you won't get money. Right?

[01:30:15] Sue Bryce | Very important. Keep the questions coming. Any questions in here?

[01:30:23] Chat Host | I struggle writing a timeline because I'm unsure about how to find my client.

[01:30:32] Sue Bryce | Okay. So whatever business you're in, you have to look around to other people that are getting clients, and say, most people are getting clients from their social media engagement, their networking, going out there and meeting people, they've created a product of value, and an offer of value, they've created a a list and a funnel that they can email and connect to, either through a newsletter or a blog or through email. And then, obviously advertising and promo we put down to our social media right now. So really it's gonna be social media and networking, and then word-of-mouth. Okay.

[01:31:18] Sue Bryce | The more people that you get. So that is how you start to market yourself. But is that the question that they were asking me? Cause I'd beat you, it wasn't. Any questions in here?

[01:31:31] Sue Bryce | Anything about processing in the morning, ask me, look, this is, whatever we I teach money, people go quiet. I've also said, don't lie about money, which makes most people terrified because then they think, do I lie about money? Yeah. Maybe I do. You do.

[01:31:47] Sue Bryce | You lie about how much you have. You lie about how much you get. You lie about how easily it comes to you and how hard it comes to you. And people always lie about money, and they don't ask much money questions because there's shame around money, and people are acting like if they don't ask any questions, then it's okay. But the truth is is this is the moment.

[01:32:06] Sue Bryce | Where we all go to the next level in our money. And on that money steps, nobody will be in survival already next month, already that lower line will be in in stabilization, and management will start to accumulate This is how quickly it's gonna work. There are four hundred people in this coaching, four hundred people are gonna change their money this month. All of you are gonna take one step up. Tell me if you're gonna take more than 1, and show me don't tell me.

[01:32:37] Sue Bryce | So the timeline to something is the next congruent step. Okay. It means I want that in the future, and I have this product but I'm too scared to put myself out there. The next congruence step would be you putting yourself out there so that you can get to where you need to be, and you take the next step and the next step and the next step until you know that that thing that you're walking towards is getting closer and closer, and the more you focus on that timeline, the faster it comes to you, but it's not about time. Yes, I can elaborate on direction.

[01:33:19] Sue Bryce | A direction is a goal. Give yourself a goal. Focus on that goal every day with that money line. Focus on that goal until you have it and you receive it with gratitude. That's direction.

[01:33:34] Sue Bryce | And then every single day, you reconnect in your money energy to your goals, reconnect to what I want, reconnect to the timeline to it, the next congruent step that gets you closer, and closer and closer to that thing. Could you elaborate on the difference between a timeline and a path money wise? No. It's the same thing. The timeline is a goal and a path to whatever you want.

[01:34:04] Sue Bryce | If you want more money, you are literally gotta create a path to create more money in your life. In all areas is no different between a path and a timeline. It is the path to it. Keep going. Keep asking questions.

[01:34:19] Participant | So I have a question answer to you. Do you find, or or is there Do you like for me? For me, I I find myself that I'm, like, in the money boundary, but then the one step before that. It's like, I feel like I'm kinda in between. So is it would your recommendation is to work through through that?

[01:34:40] Sue Bryce | Give me an example.

[01:34:43] Participant | So I have been following you for a while, and I've been listening to all this last couple of weeks. And so I've applied myself to accept my responsibility around my debt

[01:34:51] Sue Bryce | Good.

[01:34:52] Participant | And turn it into service.

[01:34:53] Sue Bryce | Fix ones.

[01:34:54] Participant | So I have, in the last 3 weeks, have gone from having no clients to almost having 7 clients.

[01:35:02] Sue Bryce | It's like magic. Right?

[01:35:03] Participant | It's like magic. Yes. I actually have 2 calls to make after this because people reaching out to me for

[01:35:09] Sue Bryce | Oh, there'll be there'll be another 2 by this time you get I guarantee.

[01:35:12] Participant | I'm I'm hoping to. So I'm I'm changing my mindset, and I'm changing my value

[01:35:18] Sue Bryce | to myself. And you're seeing it instantly reflected back.

[01:35:21] Participant | Yes. So so so right now, I'm, like, in that in between that boundary of, of saying no and the one before that. So I'm like, do I work through that one before before I move on? But I see Do Nate fit boundaries around money? For myself, personally?

[01:35:34] Participant | Yeah. Yes.

[01:35:39] Sue Bryce | Then do that, set your boundaries, I need to speak with this person, I need to say no to this, I need to cut back this, and I need to do this, and then keep doing exactly what you're doing that's attracting the clients, because the more you focus on money gives you a feeling of what. Mike, you need a mic. No one can hear you otherwise.

[01:35:57] Participant | Honestly, it gives me happiness, joy.

[01:36:00] Sue Bryce | Takes way all the money pain.

[01:36:02] Participant | Yes.

[01:36:02] Sue Bryce | Even just dealing with the debt, not avoiding it. So you still have debt, and it just totally takes away all of that money due to that stops and blocks money, the bad stuff.

[01:36:14] Participant | Absolutely.

[01:36:14] Sue Bryce | I agree. You're already doing it. Don't stop. Focus on it every day. Just keep going towards it.

[01:36:21] Sue Bryce | That's what it is. It's just consistency. It's just active focus. You're manifesting active focus. It's not you're not you don't have a cauldron.

[01:36:29] Sue Bryce | Every day you're waking up and you're being reminded by something by your bed to just turn your attention here 5 minutes and bring it to wellness. Bring it to joy in your mind, activate it, and power it, reconnect to the goals of it, feel good about it, feel good about it, feel good about it. You know, Abraham essentially, is to travels around the world and people come and ask Abraham questions, which she answers, she answers the same question. Everyone stands in front of her and says, how do I stay in alignment? And Abraham answers the same thing.

[01:37:01] Sue Bryce | You just have to feel good. You know, I can't feel good when I'm not in alignment, you're like, you're the one doing that, so you can choose to feel good about this, or you can choose to be stuck in your loop every day in your mind and manifest more of what you don't want. You're doing it. That's magic. Yes.

[01:37:19] Sue Bryce | Whenever I would shift my energy and reconnect, you know, that reconnect slide, more important than your money slide, because what you just said, is it? Where are we? I'm getting there. There it is. That reconnect to

[01:37:34] Sue Bryce | how you do business, reconnect to how you

[01:37:34] Sue Bryce | get paid, reconnect to how you serve, reconnect to why you do this, reconnect to to making money for you, so making the margin bigger for you, and it attracts people. And I used to say, you know, I used to people would look at me and I'd be like, money is bottoming out, like, what do we do? The ebb and flow? There's not enough cash and they're like, oh, you need a day off. A day off.

[01:38:00] Sue Bryce | I need to work 12 hours tomorrow to worry more about this. No, go to the beach. Go to the movies. If I go to the movies, I replenish creatively. Once I replenish creatively, I'd get back to work the next day, and there'd be 6, 7 phone calls, and I'd be like, that's magic, that's alignment.

[01:38:20] Sue Bryce | And when you work on your money, you feel good about it, and then you feel good, and people are like, oh, we'll give her more. She feels good about money. Sue spoke about her morning progress. I'm not a morning person. My mind springs to life in the evening.

[01:38:35] Sue Bryce | Yes, Jen. Mark Jen will completely relate with you there. I'm a 5 am. Brain is alert, ready to take on the world at 10 pm useless, useless to anyone. Whereas Jen comes alive at 10.

[01:38:53] Sue Bryce | So one of the things Jen asked me, when she started to work with me, and she was like, I can't do my creativity in the morning. And I was like, mhmm, do it at night. And she was like, really? Cause I'm most alive at, like, 10 to 1, and I was like, Jen, change your life so that you sleep in in the morning and you activate at night. This is your chronological type.

[01:39:16] Sue Bryce | Don't fight against your chronological type. Live with that chronological type. Empower it. It's so crazy, and it's like, it's one of those things. It's like, yeah, morning is my jam mark.

[01:39:29] Sue Bryce | So every night before bed, set the intention of your money, do all of the money work, reconnect to your day tomorrow, and watch yourself wake up in magic. Can you align to several goals at the same time. Yes, Sarah, you can. You can. Okay?

[01:39:48] Sue Bryce | But don't fall into a trap of wanting or earning. You've gotta be in a creating energy, not just a wanting energy, and sometimes putting too many things means it'll pull your attention away from creating the one thing that you want. Also, when people put too many goals on the target, I know that you're not really due by one of them, and if you're just doing that to avoid picking one, and if you ever look at me and say, I have so many options moving forward that I just can't work out which one to pick. Then I'll say lucky you. Why am I patronizing you right now because you're avoiding picking 1?

[01:40:34] Sue Bryce | And it's a lie. Yes, you do have opportunities, but once you pick 1, all those opportunities will go away, and you'll be like, oh, how do I do this one thing? And that's what you were most afraid of. So you tell me instead that you have 10 goals. I'll say cool.

[01:40:52] Sue Bryce | Which one lights you up? Which one blows your hair back? Which one makes you wanna get out of bed in the morning? Which one do you wanna build in? Which one do you wanna grow in?

[01:41:03] Sue Bryce | Which one do you want to excel in? Which one do you wanna make money in? And start telling me all of them because you're not picking 1, and if you're not picking 1, sounds like avoidant. Come on. Let's move our money needle.

[01:41:19] Sue Bryce | We already moved our money needle by moving our emotion. Whatever your emotions are, we need to move them so that we can make more money and clear the path for more money to flow into our lives.

[01:41:31] Chat Host | I'm still confused about timeline. So if I know what I want to create, but I don't have the product yet, Does that mean that there is no timeline?

[01:41:38] Sue Bryce | No. It means the next step in your timeline is to create the product that's gonna get you to the final goal on that timeline. So your next congruent step is to make the product, right? Now, the person who said I don't have a product yet is not selling anything. This is a business class.

[01:41:57] Sue Bryce | We're trying to sell something. If you're not ready to sell something, you're not in business yet. Make the product. Yeah.

[01:42:05] Chat Host | Maybe a silly question, but what if you are in a place with no income? Then the place we need to focus on is creating an income through the 5 steps?

[01:42:13] Sue Bryce | Well, what you need to do is if you have no income, but you have a product, Those five steps are about that product. If you have no one come and you don't have a product yet, your first step is to create your product. And that's exciting because you're literally in the creation phase, So your whole so if your goal is, okay, maybe your first goal, let's break it down. We want an achievable goal in 8 weeks, so make your goal, make a new product. You've got 8 weeks to make and sell this new product and fill it with value.

[01:42:44] Sue Bryce | There you go. That's a great goal. Go create me a timeline to It's not time. Create me the next steps, and the next steps, and the next steps. Got it?

[01:42:52] Sue Bryce | Maybe, your goal was too big. Let's break it down. Something you're gonna create in the next 8 weeks. Let's go. Put that at the top, and then create a path to it.

[01:43:02] Sue Bryce | Now, people keep saying, I can tell that you're not asking questions. And when people don't ask questions, they don't want to look stupid or they don't want to say something. These are the most weird basic answers, and this is how you manifest money, in order to move four hundred needles, I need you to ask me stupid questions right now. These are the questions that stop you from moving forward to ask them and stop saying this stupid, because clearly everybody wants to know the answer to these questions. You know, it's that Simple.

[01:43:32] Sue Bryce | We clear our emotion around money, we work out why we've got money programming, and then we let that go, we decide where we're gonna go on the money, levels next, and we focus there. Now, if your goal is to launch your brand, right, you're gonna need your website done, you're gonna need to get through brand. We'll do that next week. You're gonna have to define your products and get them locked in so that they can start selling, you're launching a brand in the next 8 weeks. Next steps, next steps, next steps, next steps.

[01:44:03] Sue Bryce | If you put something on your future goal and you can't create the steps to it, you've made the goal too far away. You need to break the goal down and bring it closer, first step towards the big goal. Forget about that big goal. You've already set your intention. Now you've gotta create each goal that takes you towards what it is that you want, and you're gonna focus there every single day, every single day.

[01:44:28] Sue Bryce | How can I shift my mindset from fear of debt to trusting the value I'm providing will lead to abundance? I'm excited about filling my first workshop, but I'm struggling to believe the money will flow you're struggling to believe the money will flow, it won't flow. And if you don't see the value in this, you can't sell value in this. I feel valuable when I write content, I give it with value, do your value work or you sell nothing. If you're saying things just come to you because you've gotten into alignment, I love that you're using those and manifesting because you're okay with money, but the lady on the microphone says says she has 7 clients coming in, it means you need action, don't you?

[01:45:15] Sue Bryce | Ah, you don't take action Renee. You get into alignment with all goodness, and alignment forces action next steps come congruently to you. They just appear, and they keep coming. That's the beauty of being in that frequency. It's like if you were listening to a radio station, you hated, and it was saying hateful things about you, you would change the channel.

[01:45:43] Sue Bryce | As soon as you change that frequency and you're listening to something you wanna listen to, you start to feel good. That's really the magic in there. So yes, you're taking action, but you're in alignment taking action. So things are coming to you. It's it's magical.

[01:46:03] Sue Bryce | Okay. So what she's saying is, how did you get 7 clients? Like, wait, you need a mic? So I'm assuming you are on social media, your marketing, did you give gift cards? What was it?

[01:46:12] Sue Bryce | Where did they come from?

[01:46:13] Participant | I joined a BNI group, so I'm networking. Networking. I did a complaint.

[01:46:18] Sue Bryce | Oh, that's enough. Networking. If I walk into a networking in alignment with my value, am I going to get a different result than if I walk in in competition with everybody there? Yes. Alright.

[01:46:32] Sue Bryce | Can we talk about margins? Like, did you, like you did last week, when you're setting your Thrive goal? Margins. Oh, yes. What I talked about with margins last week and and let me write that out.

[01:46:45] Sue Bryce | It was basically this Okay. I made it 300. I can make it 3000. Let's say you sell a product for 3000, but the margin for you is 1000. And I need to make $12,000 this month.

[01:47:00] Sue Bryce | So obviously, think about it. This is the craziest thing in your mind when you don't look at your margin, you just look at what you're selling, you've got $3000, you know you need to sell how many. But if you're only getting a third of the money and you're only actually keeping a third of the money, then most people set their Thrive budget and say, well, in order I only need to sell 4 of those to get to 12 k, and that's my Thrive budget, but that's not what you have to do. It's not. Because it's you actually have to sell 12 of them, right?

[01:47:42] Sue Bryce | Not 4. And then, the crazy part about it is you sell 12 in order to get 12 k for you, but your business is gonna take in how much money this month. And because you can't manage money and you don't have direction for it, you haven't got taxes sorted, you haven't you won't manage $36. You'll think that's yours. What will you do?

[01:48:07] Sue Bryce | You'll go and buy a car, won't you? Cause you're like, I got all my monies. My money's honeys. So knowing your numbers was not about you being mathematicians or CPA, so it was about knowing your margin. I sell from my margin.

[01:48:25] Sue Bryce | I don't sell from my unit price, because that's taxable and deductible and goes back to the business, and then it's gotta go, But I make money for the wage I have to pay me, and to keep my business going and to hit my Thrive number every day, that's a mindset. Then I have to manage $36,000 a month that's not mine. To get what is mine. This is what your boss has been doing for years, and then paying you some paltry amount that you believe you're worth more, but when you actually break it down, there's not a $3000 So $1000 margin. Get your head right.

[01:49:10] Sue Bryce | Death and taxes. Is there anything you know is gonna happen? I I watched you for free, then brought the course to take action on my my money mindset because is holding me back since then, the universe has started delivering. Barbara, don't stop now. The intention of simply saying, Sue, I'm buying your course because, you know, I think I wanna take action on my money mindset, and because I think this has been holding me back, just the actual taking the step is already the universe is just providing for you.

[01:49:42] Sue Bryce | I always say, like this, close your eyes, ask God for something. Just do this with me. Now I want you to imagine God standing in front of you, handing it to you, and all you have to do is reach up with your hands and take it and say thank you. Why can't you do it? Why don't you feel worthy all of a sudden?

[01:50:08] Sue Bryce | And yet it doesn't take the gift away. That's what it is. That's what abundance is. Yeah. Ah, it feels not fear.

[01:50:24] Sue Bryce | Ah, good. This is great energy. I want the 36,000. Well, Jeanette, it's easy. Change your goal to 36 products.

[01:50:37] Sue Bryce | Then you will get city th 36,000. Wait. What else will you get? A 108,000?

[01:50:45] Sue Bryce | Yeah.

[01:50:47] Sue Bryce | It's how it works. In business, we're getting a margin, not a total sale, and we don't think like many people. It's what totally screws people up. Right from the beginning, it's crazy. It's absolutely crazy.

[01:51:02] Sue Bryce | I cried when I realized I could not make the same amount of money as my husband currently with a handful of clients getting my middle package. I knew if he was unable to work, I can take care of my family. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes.

[01:51:18] Sue Bryce | Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Alright.

[01:51:21] Sue Bryce | What else you got? Give me questions.

[01:51:24] Chat Host | Generational issues are so hard because I blame my it's hard to blame because my mom passed away. And I don't wanna blame her for my problems, but it's my foundation. How do I remove that guilt?

[01:51:35] Sue Bryce | You can blame her. She's right there. You can tell her to give her and talk to her and say, mom, I'm carrying your money paying, mom, pray to her, talk to her, release her money energy, and then make a promise to your mother that you're gonna break the cycle of generational money in your family the same way I did. When I heard my father couldn't have a business because he couldn't ask for money owed to him for what he'd done, I made a declaration that day that I would never go through my life and not ask for what I'm worth. I will not.

[01:52:12] Sue Bryce | I will not go another day without asking for more. That I'm worth. How I got over giving taxes and getting paid and giving that margin away was I just keep making my margin bigger, and then when I do pay taxes, I made a goal in my business that my goal gets to a $1,000,000 in gross income, my first studio, which it did. Then I made a goal that one day I would write a $1,000,000, tax check. And when somebody said, you what?

[01:52:45] Sue Bryce | You wanna pay a $1,000,000 in taxes. I said, yep. They said, why? And I said, that means I'm earning really good money. And I give it back My taxes.

[01:53:00] Sue Bryce | And I felt good about that because I just keep focusing on growing that margin, not growing the whole amount that was coming towards me, because it's not mine.

[01:53:11] Chat Host | How do I shift my mindset from focusing on the fear of not making money to embracing the abundance of opportunities that will come from the value I'm providing?

[01:53:20] Sue Bryce | Okay. Get in here. Listen to this. This is what you're gonna understand. I'm in a negative money focus.

[01:53:31] Sue Bryce | I can feel worry. It's just not right. It's not flowing. It's struggle. It's hard.

[01:53:37] Sue Bryce | I've got money pain. There's guilt and shame. And, oh, there's so much ego. The more I hold this focus, the faster I will manifest in this space. The more I hold this focus, the fast I will manifest in this space.

[01:53:54] Sue Bryce | What did I just ask for? Struggle. Can't get enough. Not working. It hurts.

[01:54:02] Sue Bryce | I'm in shame. You just asked and prayed for more. That's what'll stop you from doing it. I knew in the moment, in that moment, if I hold a negative focus, I'm manifesting in that space. I'm gonna get more of what I don't want.

[01:54:22] Sue Bryce | Damn it. How do I get out of this negative focus? How do I get out of this negative focus? I've got to start doing the work. Not talking about the work.

[01:54:38] Sue Bryce | I've gotta start walking towards it and doing it in alignment. So I've gotta get myself into alignment with what I want, the understanding that I have the full power to create and get myself out of this situation, that as soon as I'm in full alignment with feeling good, I'm gonna start attracting money, and all of this will no longer, and all I have to do is break out of my loop. I need to ask one question that people will not ask, tell me honestly, they will if they say it to their face, when there's nobody there, but when you think about the brain loop, ego, now ego shows up as I'm not good enough, or overinflated. I'm better than them, like I'm totally better than them, right? Comparison.

[01:55:28] Sue Bryce | They're doing this. They're doing that. They're doing this. They're doing that. Look what she did today.

[01:55:32] Sue Bryce | Look what he did today comparison. And then the last one is self doubt. You know, and fear. Fear is just self doubt, because fear is a fear of rejection, just so you know what it is. It's a fear of rejection, and people pleases have a bigger fear of rejection because they have a double fear that then being rejected because nobody likes them, and they hate being not liked, so they have a double fear.

[01:55:58] Sue Bryce | If you find yourself in any of those energies, you need to break out you need to break out of them by simply saying, Oh, I'm in my ego. I am in my ego, and that means I'm trying to manifest from my ego. And right now, all I'm gonna get is is more negative ego. So now I've gotta get out of my ego into my creativity and start to feel my path and reconnect to my business, reconnect to how I get paid, reconnect to how I serve, reconnect to why I do this, reconnect to this money is for me, and then start actively putting that out there.

[01:56:34] Chat Host | I have a day job that covers my survival number, and this make gives me a false sense of security. My side hustle business, which is my passion, just about breaks even. How do I set my survival then thrive budget to transition into being a full time business owner.

[01:56:49] Sue Bryce | Fantastic. One of the biggest things that you need to acknowledge is when somebody else pays you to do a job, it's easier to receive the money for it. Another thing you might want to acknowledge is the job you do and the side hustle are probably 2 to different things, you've found your value in the first one, but you haven't found your value in the second one. So sometimes it's easier to make money there, and then do there. The ultimate side hustle for me would be a side hustle that makes you a lot of money that makes you feel good, and essentially make if you want to leave your day job, that you were able to transition there.

[01:57:23] Sue Bryce | So that's beautiful. What you need to do is find the same value in that that there's value in you, and I guarantee the number of money you earn as close to the salary you earn doing the job. Because that's called a salary or a wage mentality, I used to get paid $400 a week, and then I went out of my own to freelance and guess what my average sale was $400 because that's all I needed, I would say I just need 400. I just need 400, and guess what? Just 400 would show up.

[01:57:53] Sue Bryce | That's why I started saying, I just need 10,000. I just need 10,000. I just need 10,000. And then I was like, no. I've got it.

[01:58:02] Sue Bryce | I'm asking for enough instead of asking for more and then activating and walking towards more.

[01:58:10] Chat Host | Is alignment the big goal and then you take steps to go towards that big goal?

[01:58:15] Sue Bryce | Yes, alignment with what you want is the goal. That's the goal is to get into alignment with what it is that you want so you can walk towards that every single day.

[01:58:28] Chat Host | Do you tithe, and how do you feel about giving that way?

[01:58:33] Sue Bryce | You can give with your faith that, feeling of giving. If anything that gives you an incredible feeling of giving, where you have a return, That is yours. 100%.

[01:58:46] Chat Host | What should we do the 1st 30 minutes tomorrow morning?

[01:58:51] Sue Bryce | This. This is what I want you to do. Listen to my voice. Whichever one is there for you. Somebody just give me a word in this audience that you're gonna focus on there.

[01:59:06] Sue Bryce | Does no. Just give yell it out. Doesn't matter? Direction. Okay.

[01:59:11] Sue Bryce | Direction. So tomorrow, if you're gonna wake up, you're gonna say thank you for all the money that's coming to your life. You're gonna wake up money energy and say, it's time that I ask for more money. I'm gonna give that money direction by telling you what I want and why I want it. And after I write down the goal of this money direction, I'm gonna feel so good about this that I'm going to create the next step that I need to take that will get me closer to this timeline.

[01:59:40] Sue Bryce | And the more that I constantly stay in that focus with that direction, the more I will know exactly the next step and the next step to manifest this. And then start writing it out, whatever you're doing, setting intentions, or, you know, painting a pig, or, you know, writing a journal, it doesn't matter. You're just gonna get up, and you're going to choose that level, and you're just gonna focus on that level. You're gonna go and look at your money, You know, you set aside 2 hours, look at your money, cut all lakes, write down any boundaries you might need to speak out. Cause even at these upper levels, you still need to set some money boundaries.

[02:00:19] Sue Bryce | There's people taking money from you, and you're allowing it, and it annoys you, cut it off. Money energy when it's flowing is beautiful. And once you've looked at your money, you're gonna process all of the emotion around this money and understand that in the you go no further than your emotional self. So wherever you get kicked off emotionally on this path is what you need to deal with. If there's no emotion, this is just gonna be dollars and cents.

[02:00:48] Sue Bryce | This is just focus in asking. But for most of us, there's emotion. We've assigned self worth to our money. We judge people with money. We judge people without money.

[02:00:57] Sue Bryce | It's crazy. Yeah. Okay. So is that do you understand goals where your money should go? Is there something about direction that because the money keeps coming keeps coming up direction direction that people are not direction is the goal you're putting there?

[02:01:21] Sue Bryce | And you're gonna keep that goal lit up. If it's not there tomorrow, you wouldn't lit up enough.

[02:01:27] Chat Host | Could you give some examples of goals of where the money should go, like to the jar that you showed us, or is that completely different?

[02:01:32] Sue Bryce | What do you want? You don't have to do a jar. You need to hold the focus of the thing you want and answer all these questions. Sorry, those slides were just too far apart, weren't they? They need to go back between them.

[02:01:49] Sue Bryce | You have to ask these questions. What do I want? Why do I want it? What is my intention in having it? Start there.

[02:02:03] Sue Bryce | Just write that thing down, and then you're just gonna create a timeline to it, the next step to it, the next step to it, the next step to it, the next step to it. So if I want a world trip, what would be a good action to do around that? Create a bank account that says my world trip. It would also help if I had a vision board or a talisman or something, like Italy, buy my bed. And every day I can wake up and go, I'm going to Italy.

[02:02:35] Sue Bryce | I'm going to Italy. And you know activated oh, I'm clearly going to Italy because my body is like, I believe you. Now I'm activated. Now I can go about my day. That's how manifestation works.

[02:02:48] Sue Bryce | It's not focusing on Italy every 3 minutes for the it it's just setting the intention, now I'm gonna create a path to it. I'm going to create something that makes me think of Italy every day, gonna tell my friends I'm going to Italy. I'm saving for Italy right now. Saving. I'm not saying I can't afford a trip, Ron.

[02:03:07] Sue Bryce | I wish I had more money for a trip. I say, I'm saving for Italy. When my friends say, Hey, do you wanna go

[02:03:12] Sue Bryce | and go shopping with me today?

[02:03:14] Sue Bryce | You go, no, I'm saving for Italy. I'm going to Italy, you should come too, you should say for Italy, because I'm so excited about going to Italy, because I'm holding my focus to go to Italy, and guess what's gonna happen? Oh, I'm going to work, and now I can put myself out there to make more money so I can make more money and go to Italy, because I'm going to Italy. I'm going to Italy. That's how I create anything.

[02:03:38] Sue Bryce | Do you think I create anything by I don't have the money to go to Italy? Create it. If you really want it, get into alignment with it, and create it. And if you can't create it, and if you can't hold the consistency of showing up to it, you didn't want it. And if you don't have the discipline to do it, you absolutely did not want it.

[02:04:05] Sue Bryce | It's when you want something so much, you will give it a goal, and you will send money to it every week because that is your future, that's alignment. You can have more than one goal? Yes, but you can say I'm saving for family to go to Italy, but if you don't want to go to Italy, if you think that's just something your family want, it will not come to you. You can say more clients, but as soon as you ask for more abundance, more clients will come anyway. Yes, you can say I need 10 clients a month that I can manage, but don't make goals for money, like, cause if you say 10 clients a month will give me $30,000, you've all you're trying that's no, that does not work.

[02:04:58] Sue Bryce | You can say I want a fully booked, calendar, you can but as long as it's balanced for you, and you know your margins are good, and you're going to fully book, but you're not to count out that it's not it doesn't work like that, then you're trying because some people could spend twice as much. Don't put a ceiling on yourself constantly, It's more about the energy and the focus of it, and then you've said it all in your books, you've reset your emotional self, and now you can go about your day. I'm saving for a building. I love it. I love that.

[02:05:33] Sue Bryce | Yes. Like put that building, whatever you need to do, put that building up. Alright. You're gonna get these slides, and then you're gonna rewatch this coaching, and I'm gonna see you next week we've got the group is active. There's only last night, there was fifty seven people in there.

[02:05:53] Sue Bryce | We've got four hundred people in this training. This is not a Facebook group. We don't do Facebook We don't do Facebook groups. This is not a place of drama. This is not a place for you to express your creative self.

[02:06:06] Sue Bryce | You show up to that group as a business owner of a personal brand who is networking with other personal brands this 400 personal brands in there, and you're all exceptional, be exceptional, or I'll kick you out. I have a 0 tolerance for drama, and I have a 0 tolerance for bay there's no crying in baseball, Like, we don't come to this group like Facebook groups used to be, where we have all of this to and fro and gas lighting, and I'm done. I have 400 businesses here that are about to become successful. I wanna move four hundred needles. I'm going to.

[02:06:47] Sue Bryce | I'm going to change your money world. You can decide right today. You can decide right today to change your money life or not. I'm gonna change it. I changed mine.

[02:06:59] Sue Bryce | Money will never stop plowing towards me. I swear to god, look at the goosebumps on my, change it. You can do this. You can grow this brand to a $100 to to $400. You can grow this brand.

[02:07:15] Sue Bryce | You can grow this brand to 7 figures. You can, you can scale it up, and you can keep more for yourself, and you can create a lifestyle that suits you, that doesn't stress you out, you can do this. If you connect in your alignment and live abundantly and start walking towards what you truly want, you can change this. Money is just a number. There's just a number.

[02:07:38] Sue Bryce | It's a byproduct of your joy. It's a byproduct of your focus, and it is a byproduct of you loving what you do and asking for more, and then you become this incredible you realize you've become wealthy, whatever that means to you, and then suddenly you realize you have the knowledge to help so many other people. Alright.

[02:08:02] Chat Host | You really are moving the needle for so many, and I just have to add a few things that are happening in the chat because I really want you to hear them and everybody here to hear them.

[02:08:10] Sue Bryce | Need to drink more.

[02:08:11] Chat Host | Mitsy light bulb moment. I've been thinking of finances like dieting. I don't think a food like that I can I love this daily ritual around money?

[02:08:18] Sue Bryce | Yeah.

[02:08:19] Chat Host | Michelle love this. I now have over 7 figures in the bank, thanks to Sue's teaching. In 2017, I had a bunch of debt, car loans, credit card, and very little in savings, started listening to Sue and doing the work. By 2019, I had 70,000 in savings. In August of 2020, the first seven figures in my business by 2020 or by, December, We just passed 4 years in the business and made 8 figures in sales, and we have 7 figures in the bank.

[02:08:51] Chat Host | I am saying that doing the work works. Jenny says I made 200 and a quote for a small event job, thought of you, Sue, and made it 500 hit send. Then I laughed because I doubted at the number. As you said, we all do, I got the bid. You already made me $250.

[02:09:09] Chat Host | Just think of, when I have the value, I'll know

[02:09:12] Sue Bryce | I know. Imagine when it's 250,000. I grew up

[02:09:18] Sue Bryce | in I

[02:09:18] Sue Bryce | grew in increments. 25,050,000 to a 100,000, and then I grew in increments of 100 of 1000. And then I grow in increments of millions, because when you create a 6, 7, and 8 figure business, that's what's happening. But you gotta start at 6. So let's go.

[02:09:41] Sue Bryce | Nothing is stopping you. I used to coach money to people. Now you would go away and think, oh, life is gonna get me, isn't it? But now I'm coaching money through business. Now you're gonna go away.

[02:09:50] Sue Bryce | Look at this business. And when I asked you, what you were in? Are you in survival with mom and dad in survival? Were they in management? Were they accumulating?

[02:10:00] Sue Bryce | Everyone's just very discreet and quiet, but when I said, is this what's your business in? Everyone was like, because my business is in survival. Oops. Right? So now, this is tangible manifestation.

[02:10:15] Sue Bryce | Once you get rid of your money blocks, next week, we're gonna talk about brand and product. And because our money blocks are out of the way, Money is 3rd on the list. Right? Brand 1st, product second, money third, equal exchange. I started with money because you all needed it.

[02:10:31] Sue Bryce | Okay. Now you're gonna look at your Thrive number, and you're gonna go, well, I'm gonna need more products. I'm gonna need a better brand. I'm gonna need to be more connected to this brand. I'm gonna need to be more connected to this product, and then I'm gonna hit that Thrive number so fast.

[02:10:49] Sue Bryce | Alright? There are four hundred needles, and all I'm interested in is moving them. Oh, Jasmine. I feel this in my gut. So do I.

[02:11:00] Sue Bryce | That's our pleasure center, and it tells us everything we know about what's right and what's wrong. Listen to your intuition. Connect to your guidance. You are not alone. Alright?

[02:11:14] Sue Bryce | You are not alone. Let's go talk to me in that group, and I'll see you next Thursday. Yes. Thanks for being here.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Coaching Week 1 ====
