==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 7 ====

Segment 7 - Putting Yourself Out There

[00:00:00] These things. And then emotions, my emotions will respond to what my thoughts are saying. And then before you know it, my thoughts and my feelings have created this narrative in my brain, but I look at them like these little monsters. And when I started to get my sister to illustrate them, she sent them through, and they were kinda scary. And I was like, okay, I don't want that monster in my car.

[00:00:20] Like, give me a cute little fear monster, or give me a little, a self doubt monster that I can kick out of the car. Like, Give me my thoughts and my feelings, and so she sent me all these little monsters, and I started to put them through all my workbooks because, you know, ultimately, that's all in your own head anyway. But if you start to see your negative voice, it's just these little monsters that come along, and tell you you can't do something, it makes the next step a lot easier. So marketing is clarity, and I asked you for clarity and identity in segment 1 when we talked about your brand. Then in product, number 2, I ask you about clarity around the product.

[00:01:00] If you can't describe it simply, you don't know it well enough, Einstein. That is a quote that I absolutely 100% apply to marketing when you can't describe it simply, you don't know it well enough, and people have no clarity when they read your words, they get confused, and you think you're marketing, but you're really just posting. Marketing is brand awareness, it's connection, It's showing off. It's social media. It's sharing.

[00:01:30] It's promotion. It's advertising, but it's not selling. So stop thinking you're selling because you're not selling on your social media. So marketing is clarity. And again, clarity, clarity, clarity, clarity with your brand.

[00:01:47] Can I describe that? Simply clarity with your service. Can I describe that simply and with desirability? Clarity with your money, clarity with your pricing, clarity, clarity, clarity, clarity, clarity. And, certainly, with all this clarity and con and connection, wouldn't you therefore have perfect marketing?

[00:02:09] Most people wanna go from segment 1 and 2, creating the brand and the product to segment 7, tell me how to market the product, but you must have skipped selling it, building it, making it valuable, at actually, you know, connecting it to people, starting to feel the feeling of it being valuable. You can't skip all the other segments because each level unlocks the next level. So right now we're unlocking marketing, and if it comes down to clarity, then it comes down to this. If you have a money problem, you have a value problem. Okay.

[00:02:44] So if you have an inability to bring that money to you, you straight out have a value problem, and you need to work on it. If you have a marketing problem, you have a clarity problem. If you can't find your words, you don't know them well enough. If you can't describe your service, you don't know it well enough, If you can't describe your value, you don't know it well enough. So if you think about it, marketing is when you are completely 100% putting yourself out there, and that's when you have all of that clarity Now I say if you have a marketing problem, you have a clarity problem.

[00:03:22] Let's face it. You probably have a value problem as well. And if you hit both of them, then you will be connected. Now, if it's not selling, it's not connected to you. If it's not selling, it's not connected to them.

[00:03:37] It's one of those 2 things. So it's either in you being finding the value in it and you connecting to it, you're not there, or you're too scared to put it out there, scared of rejection, and ultimately, it's not selling because it's not connected in value to you, and it's not connected in value to the people that you're sharing it with, which means you're not doing a good enough job of marketing. You're trying to sell to them to get them to do something, but you haven't done the marketing to show them how good it is. You're trying to get them to say yes or no to something that they don't value yet, because you're trying to sell them something instead of trying to show them who you are, what you do, what you're connected to, why you're powerful. What is your brand mission right now?

[00:04:22] Tell me, if anybody can tell me their brand mission as strong as their 3 by 3, I know that's in your marketing. What is your invitation? What is your promise to people? Do you put that invitation out there? It's all very well marketing.

[00:04:39] Marketing is not selling, Marketing is sharing, marketing is showing off. So when you say and speak through your passion, through your purpose, your brand mission, when you use your invitation, I invite you to a personal coaching session with me, I'm going to change your business. That is an invitation. A promise is after 2 hours with me, you will know if you are on the

[00:05:04] right path or not. I promise you that, and I will

[00:05:04] connect you to it. That's a promised. Do you believe me? Well, I got Goosebumps saying it. So if I got Goosebumps saying it to her, then I know it's the truth.

[00:05:19] She looked at me like it was the truth, and when she nodded, I knew she knew the truth. That is authenticity. That's an invitation and a promise to somebody. If you can't tell me what your mission is, if you can't tell me what your purpose is, and if you can't tell me what your invitation is, and you can't tell me what your value is, then you certainly can't promise me anything, but marketing is all of those things. It's an invitation, a promise, and it's your brand mission spoken forward with care.

[00:05:47] Now I'm the one paying for your service, So it should be you enticing me to see the value in you so that I can give you money in an equal exchange for your value. That's marketing. So our little monsters, they get in the car. Now remember, my thoughts and my feelings live in the car. They're always chirping chirping.

[00:06:11] My feelings is responding to my thoughts. Fear is in the back seat. Fear, does not drive, does not pick the music. Don't let fear get self doubt in the car. Fear will let self doubt in the back seat.

[00:06:21] Once self doubt gets in the back seat, you stop that car, and you say get out. Self doubt does not drive in my car. Those little marketing monsters say, look, I don't know what to say. I hate social media. Please say, right now, put your hand up, and be honest, if you've said, I hate Instagram right now, I hate social media right now, I hate the change in reals, I hate this new way of marketing, change evolution.

[00:06:51] I've been in business for 35 years. I've been self employed for 24 of them. This industry has

[00:06:55] done nothing but change in

[00:06:55] 35 years, It is not the strongest that survive, but the one most adaptable to change. That's evolution. Okay. And the truth is is at the end of the day, it's always going to shift. I don't like this new real algorithm, but if I want to continue to market on that platform, I adapt my business to the new way.

[00:07:19] But if you get stuck and say, but I don't want to do the new way, find a different way. Pentry is just killing it right now. Go to Pentry. But if you can honestly say I hate that avenue and you are not compared, prepared to confront why, that's on you. You need to find another avenue to connect to.

[00:07:37] You know, the little monsters will always come up and tell you all the reasons but truthfully, these aren't the problem because the problem is the energy that comes from you, the connection that comes from you. You know, the solution to imposter syndrome is mastery. So if somebody says they feel like a poster, an imposter, I say, Oh, you should, like maybe you should, like, practice. I feel like an imposter. Oh, really?

[00:08:12] Maybe you should do it. Cause when you do it, you're not an imposter. So, I feel like an imposter. Right. Yeah.

[00:08:21] Cause you're not doing it. You feel like an imposter when you're not doing it, the identity is formed in the action. So it's easy to get stuck in your brain, in the loop, in the rejection, in the ego, in the comparison, and all the brain loops that come with these little monsters. So how do we tell people what we're doing? We don't own the noun of what we're becoming.

[00:08:44] We own the verb of doing, and once we have the verb of doing, we're no longer an imposter. We're walking the walk. You know, these guys will have a pity party at every opportunity, but to me, the

[00:08:57] secret, the vibe, the energy is the magnet of your business is you.

[00:08:57] And when you start to magnetize in that brand, people will be magnetized to your brand. Truthfully. So marketing is putting yourself out there, but I want you just to hear this one thing. Right now, in terms of marketing, These are the big five things that are gonna knock you around a little bit. Alright.

[00:09:24] Number 1 is, how confident do you feel networking? In most people, when they join my coaching group, I go, right? You need to get out there and do networking. They're like, networking? Hard no.

[00:09:39] Putting yourself in a room, being judged, being seen, speaking for your business, meeting other people, connecting to them. How comfortable do you feel with social media right now? How comfortable do you feel with your face and your body? Is your face? Your body stopping you from going and being the face of your business right now a answer is no, we've got a problem.

[00:10:03] Do you have a do you have any problem? Any confidence in your voice right now? How confident are your words? How confident and connected and in alignment are what you're saying with what you're doing? Do you feel good about that?

[00:10:15] How do you feel about relationship building? Do you think walking into a networking event would be easy for you? How do you think you're gonna be judged, seen, received? Do you feel valuable in that room? Do you bring value to that room?

[00:10:27] Because when you go to market yourself, These are the areas that you have to work on. And when everybody says to me, skip all the other segments, give me the brand, give me the product, tell me how to market it, I go, cool, but until you've worked on value, you will not be able to achieve any one of these things. You will not put any of these things out there because these things cripple people, and they stop you from moving forward, and these are all the actions of marketing. This is what stops you. You thought it was something else.

[00:11:02] It's that. Remember I keep coming back to this, and I it sound like a broken record because one you're gonna get it. You're actually gonna get the whole thing soon you're gonna realize wait I am the brand. Oh, that means I'm the energy. That means I'm the voice.

[00:11:18] I'm the face. I'm the purpose. Damn. That means it's my rules. It's my thoughts.

[00:11:23] It's my energy. And if I don't value me, who's gonna value me? Alright. Posting is not selling. I know you think it is, even if you post, do you wanna do a mini session, even if you post this month, they have a 50% discount, even if you post I have 8 available client appointments this month, and that is not selling.

[00:11:53] Okay. So what you do is you throw that out there on your, on your, in devs, on your social medias, and nobody responds And then all of a sudden you're like, I've got no clients. But you didn't sell to anybody. You spoke to them. Networking is not selling, so everyone goes, I can't network myself, oh, you can't meet people?

[00:12:17] Well, then you're gonna have trouble owning a business. Well, I can meet people. I just can't network. So why can't you network? I don't wanna come across as sales y.

[00:12:27] Okay. What are you selling at networking? Yourself. You're not selling anything else, but your connection in the room, to the people in the room, and all you're there to do is make them feel important, and get out of your own way. And when you do make everyone in that room feel and get out of your own way.

[00:12:44] They'll all be magnetized to you, and you won't have to sell a thing. Listen to this. Marketing is audience building. It's share It's list building, it's advertising, it's promotion, it's publicity, it's public relations, it's networking, it's affiliate sales, it's business to business connections, it's product, and brand ambassadorship, it's email marketing, and it's campaign. That

[00:13:11] is it. Selling is an offer that leads to a yes or no answer. You thought you've been marketing this whole time. You

[00:13:16] weren't you thought you've been selling this whole time, you're not. A yes or no answer, marketing is I create this thing. You would love it. Oh, I'll share it with you this way. This is how I use it.

[00:13:36] This is for you. This is how it can help you. That's not selling. That's marketing. Okay?

[00:13:42] And then selling is when I go, oh my gosh, because you've done this before, haven't you? You've sat in front of someone and told them everything you are, and they've just nodded and not bought anything. Cause never once did you say would you like to have that experience because that requires a yes or no answer. Now I'm selling.

[00:13:59] That's it. And that's the one question we don't wanna ask, because that

[00:14:00] would require a rejection which is a no. You've been looking at this all wrong. Talking is not selling. Networking is not selling. Sharing is not selling.

[00:14:20] Sharing is not selling. All of it will sell. Eventually it will bring you more value, but ultimately, selling is when you just simply ask the yes or no question, and

[00:14:31] if they say no, that is a call okay.

[00:14:31] If they say not yet, and they ask objections, or they ask questions, that's a call for more information. And if they say no, that is not right now. I'm not your client right now. That selling. So until you can stand in front of somebody and say

[00:14:54] so this is the package, and obviously you could choose the $3000 package or the

[00:14:54] $5000 package, but did either of those look like something you would like to do? Yes. Okay. So and you just bought from me, but that's a sale. So we get so stuck in thinking we're selling, instead of building all of this value by doing all of those things.

[00:15:23] Now remember, companies used to have advertising agencies that did PR, and then you'd have a PR agent, who would get you public relations, and then you'd have a promo, like, a company or somebody that focused on that. Now all of that is just our social media. Now selling falls under the marketing umbrella, most people don't understand. They actually see marketing and selling as 2 different things, but it's not. If you look at marketing as audience building, sharing, list building, advertising, promotion publicity, all the way through to email marketing and campaigns, you'll realize that selling is also under the marketing umbrella.

[00:16:02] It's just when you ask for the yes or no that it actually becomes the tangible

[00:16:07] moment when you make money or not. And that

[00:16:07] is bringing people to a yes or no answer around your content, your product, and your service. So if you put yourself and your product out there with clarity and value, then they say, sell everything, but the product hang on a minute. Hang on a minute. Sell everything but the product? Yes.

[00:16:33] Stop trying to sell a product in

[00:16:33] your marketing and market the product. Show. Show it. Show the product. I'm gonna give you 10 ways to show the product.

[00:16:50] I want you to give me a number out of 10 as to how many you are currently doing how many you can do out of these ten ways to show, don't tell, show the benefits of your product, to show the benefits. Do you know the benefits? Show how somebody uses it, loves it, show how you share it, show how you use it, show people, like, how is it being used, how is it being, like, what is the shared experience around it, show the joy of people having it experiencing it. Show the wanting of it, or the getting of it, or the enjoying of it, or the using it. Show that.

[00:17:32] Because when you show that, you're actually showing people like Oh my gosh, they just look at them getting this thing that I want, and you're watching them do that instead of telling them that you can do it for them. You're watching somebody else get it. It's like I want what what she's got. Show the experience. Show the gift.

[00:17:53] Maybe it's a gift. Show the reaction of people when they experience this or get this or have this or share this show the transformation, or that sells every time, show people the change, the growth, show people the connection, show them the creativity, show them the empowerment, remember it's either gotta be educational, entertaining, or it's gotta be engaging, but always show that. You know, show the the fun of it. Show the education. Don't be afraid to give your education away for free.

[00:18:32] Here's the thing. You could watch this class for 2 days, not buy it, and go forth, and change something in your business. That was my intention. My intention was that the people that want to actively do the next step with me, the next 8 weeks will buy this class, I know that. So to me, I wanted to give this away.

[00:18:52] If ten thousand people watched this for free, I just hopefully contributed to 10,000 lives. That gives me goosebumps. I believe in my content so much, I can teach an entire class and then sell it. I've always done that because I know I've got more and more and more and it just keeps coming and you know that. But if you show show yourself doing it.

[00:19:16] Stop hiding in your brand when you could be showing the do it. Okay. Show your founder story. What's your founder story? Have you made that real yet?

[00:19:27] Show your story, show the brand story, How did you build this? Show the product story. Why did you create this? Show your client stories. Remember, autobographies and memoirs are the first thing we buy in non fiction.

[00:19:42] Tell those stories because human stories keep us connected Show the making of it, show the creation process, show the crafting, show the mastery, show

[00:19:52] the manufacturing, show the

[00:19:52] how, and show the why. Is that enough? How many of those can you create right now with your product and service and business. All of them. Yes.

[00:20:09] All of them. That's what I want you to show. That's marketing, you know, and right there, you build an audience on social media, you build an audience on social media. Social media is for sharing showing off, not selling. You build a list from your audience, and you sell to the list.

[00:20:33] Do you understand this? This is how it works. You are building a list of your social media of people that want to directly engage with you. You will be lucky if this list is between 1 to 10% of your following. And it doesn't matter.

[00:20:52] I have a 195,000 followers on Instagram. I called for a new list when I gave away that teleprompter. I got 19,000. It's it's a percentage, right? I'm like, okay.

[00:21:03] So there's a certain amount of people that want to engage in the next step of of having a yes or no offer, or a discount, which is selling, that they do that through their email, and that's why they come to your list. So you don't sell on social. So why are you putting out your all your stuff on social going, it's just not booking, and it's just not selling, especially not when you're showing all that co not showing all that cool stuff, show that cool stuff, and understand this. You build a list from your audience, and then you sell to that list. How do you build a list?

[00:21:36] Ah, social media is marketing, brand awareness, and connection. Marketing, brand awareness, and connection. Socialists for enticing people. Okay? But there's no yes or no option on social media.

[00:21:51] They could know by not liking it, they could know by, following you, and they could know by swiping past you. And that means you're probably selling to them because they wanna get rid of you from their feed. But if you don't sell to them, if you connect with them and you're constantly communicating and showing all of your value, then inevitably, there is no yes or no, likes are not bookings. Followers are not sales. I know this for a fact.

[00:22:23] I see people with huge audiences that can't sell their content because they give away too much free stuff on their social media, and it does not translate to sales. So once you really understand that you're gonna look at how you're sharing on your social media, when you build a list, you first have to decide what your list is going to be called. You see the first thing you have to do is before you invite anybody to a community of any type, what are you gonna name that community? What are they getting in return for their email? Are they getting a newsletter once a month?

[00:23:04] You better follow through. Are they getting consistent blog posts? You better follow through, but whatever you tell them that this list is you need to create some value around this list. One of the ways that you can create value around the list is to give it verbs. Once verbs are set in marketing, have a look at this.

[00:23:27] I created Suprice Education. We called it SBE. It didn't like take long for people to be called Sobeys in my community. Sobeys is a verb. And when you've been SUE braced, you'd been photographed, and it was a verb.

[00:23:43] And when people started to use my name as a verb in my community, I knew I had created something. The sooner you can create the verbs and and give this this home base and name, then you can create something that people want to join. And it's really incredible. I always say a VIP list is the most important list to me because it makes people feel important. That you're taking them off social media onto your members or to your VIP list, but you really have to choose, and and it can be more than that.

[00:24:16] You can choose anything that's not written there. Those are just my suggestions. Are there any questions, Nikki, as I'm, like, power talking?

[00:24:25] Yes. Let me get to my other page.

[00:24:29] So I can drink some water? Someone said, when it comes

[00:24:32] to social media, they don't like the popularity contest of it that really bothers them, or that's what

[00:24:38] it feels like. So turn the lights off. See you again. Turn the lights off. I don't compete with lights.

[00:24:47] I turned my lights off a year and 2 years ago. What does it matter where four thousand people like it, or two hundred people like it, or twelve thousand people like it? Here's the thing, if it's a picture of me, I'll get 12,000 likes. Mhmm. If it's a good picture, it'll get four thousand likes.

[00:25:02] And if it's doesn't connect, it'll get 500 likes. What does it matter? If other people look at it and go subras only gets that many likes, then you're competing with me. It's not a popularity contest unless you think it is. I'm not there to be the most popular.

[00:25:18] I wanna disrupt the most amount of stuff. If you wanna reward this list, reward them. That's how you keep them going. Why would you stay on somebody's list if you're getting pelted with sales emails? You wanna get something, so don't abuse this list, nurture it.

[00:25:37] Alright? So first option to buy or book with you is if you tell people on your list that if they join this list, this is what they're gonna get, you better give them what you said. So they get the first option, they get maybe a monthly giveaway, whatever that is, a PDF, a download, your time, some coaching, whatever, whatever you have to give, Maybe it's members' discounts, maybe you give them special content in a different group, maybe, there's a digital product that you can give them, but you are rewarding this list if you're gonna do a giveaway, I've given away cameras to get a list. And what happens is people opt in to the list, knowing they can win that camera, and then they get marketed too by my team, and inevitably in that moment, if you don't want to be on that list, you can take yourself off it. So it's the way of building your list that is constantly that's who you're selling to.

[00:26:35] So I know that you feel like you're selling when you go to social media, but now you understand that you're actually not. You also understand that if I I put up a selling post and a selling post is to book this workshop or anything like that, go and look at my Instagram, I'll go from 80,000 views on a reel to 3000, because I'm selling something. People don't want them to be sold to. Mhmm.

[00:26:57] And they

[00:26:57] don't want to be sold to on social media. So you don't do selling posts. You do stupid posts, like this, and point at boxes. Yeah. And that doesn't work either.

[00:27:13] It's so annoying. Ultimately, it's this list. It's these private people, but here you are giving all your love and attention to the mob. And don't give content to the mob, they'll take it for free and kick you in the face and troll you. I look at people constantly giving all the content out on social media, and I'm like, well, that must take so much work because I sell mine.

[00:27:42] I actually get paid to do it that I was like, yeah, but you keep giving it away for free for want, more likes. So imagine it doesn't matter how many people follow you. It's the people on that list that buy from you. And if you're nurturing that list, that's the most important list you could be marketing to right now. And that's private.

[00:28:06] So that tells me if your social media is just to show off, show off. And how do you show up? I just told you 10 different, 30 different ways to show don't tell, and those are all posts. So that to me is everything. If you could create a lead generator video right now for your business, what would it be?

[00:28:28] Give me a close camera. What's a lead generator video? In the olden days of marketing, what we would do before we started going live and free, like this creative live model that we're doing right now, where we share our content and then sell it, that's an online model. And before we did that, we did marketing videos. And lead generated

[00:28:52] videos was a 20 minute video that basically maybe broke down one thing in marketing, or

[00:28:52] I'm gonna give you five steps to marketing

[00:28:59] yourself.

[00:29:03] And then in your video, you go, these are the five steps, and you read them out, which pretty much were in the title. And then they spend the rest of the 20 minutes selling you on the big workshop, the mastermind, which is $5000 per person, so for 20 minutes, you learned nothing, they proposed it was a mini class or a lead gen video. And at the end of the day, I was like, mhmm, so an interesting thing, as the market has developed over the last 12 years of online content, I noticed the market becomes flooded with instructors. Now that doesn't mean there's not enough to go around, that just means who is my instructor, who's the right person for me, and you might buy 3 or 4 courses and only watch half of one of them before you stop buying classes. So inevitably, when you see something online, if there's a lot of people doing what you do, inevitably people will be like, oh, what's gonna make them more valuable than someone else?

[00:29:57] What's gonna make this purchase better? What's gonna connect me to, this is the right class for me, right? And that would be that you get to experience me as a coach by doing a live and free. Now, anybody that's done this now knows how I coach, how I deliver content, that I've got a lot of it, how I work, what my coaching style is, and I'm not for everybody, but for those that I am with, let me change your life. And I kind of look at it like that, like, now if you could create a lead generator video for your clients, your clients.

[00:30:30] Not other people in your industry, if you were to create a lead generator video right now that would get you more clients, so it's just you talking to the camera and say, watch this, watch this video, And if you wanna take the next step, I'm I'm the one you can book with. What would it be? What could you give your people right now for free, your time, your coaching? What could it be? That and and this is gonna be quite abstract because it's gonna have something to do with how they connect to your business, your product, and your service, but you have to find that thing.

[00:31:08] And it's something to do with you, right? Cause it has to be something that connects you. So let me give you a few examples. I clearly love teaching people about business. So if I was a personal branding photographer, I would be talking to business owners.

[00:31:22] Therefore, I would create a lead generator on how to use this in your marketing. That's called relating, marketing on the periphery. So right now, if you could create a 20 minute, 40 minute 60 minute video showing everything you do and

[00:31:39] telling people what steps to take, and then finish it with,

[00:31:39] I hope you enjoyed that session. I truly gave a lesson in one thing. Whether they choose to buy from you or not, would you put that out there like that to get those bookings for them to learn about you? I started doing lead generator videos again, because I realized I just say to them, this is not about upselling you on the big class. I'm gonna teach you these three things right now.

[00:32:11] And if you think I'm your instructor, I'm your mentor, you will take the next steps with me. But what would you do if you did a lead gen? You know, when I was a portrait studio, I would have done a lead generator video on self worth and getting photographs, just being good enough to step in front of the camera. You know how women always say, but they need to lose £20? I would've made my lead generator stick your £20.

[00:32:36] Let's go. I'm gonna show you that you're beautiful right now. I would've done a lead generator video just to speak to the problem in my business. What lead generator could you create right now that's gonna get you more bumps on seats, more connection, more sales, and to show people the process of what you do and how you do it? Whatever you sell, it doesn't matter what you sell, whether it's coaching, a product, or a service.

[00:33:06] The second it's sold out, open a waiting list. It doesn't matter if it then becomes not sold out, The second people see a waiting list, you are taking names of desire, and people are giving you that information. And the second you've sold a workshop, you put up sold out, but you don't put sold out Everybody does the same thing. They'll tell you that there's 10 bookings open for next month, and then they go on their Instagram and say there's still 2 left when you know there's 10 or 9. And you that's trying to sell on social media instead of trying to connect me to it.

[00:33:46] It's just not how it works, you know. You post sold out, and then you post join the waiting list for the next dates to be the first one to book. Then six people send you an email, and before you know it, the next time you sell that, you've already got six people to offer to. So it's really important that your constantly building this list of people and constantly nurturing the people that are actually buying, not your social media. Nikki woke up 5 months ago to no Instagram.

[00:34:20] She'd been growing her audience, Apparently, the bot, the AI bot on Instagram said that she was impersonating a celebrity. There was no content on Nikki's Instagram that she had not curated herself, So who is she impersonating Nicky Casa? She'd already gained 6 or 7000 new followers the month before, so it was not like she was passive, and she paid for the blue tick, which you're told will keep you safe. She woke up to no social media. That's everything you've built gone overnight.

[00:34:52] Gone. Gone. And not getting it back. Do you know how she got it back? I posted a story, a girl in the UK who follows me husband was on a work trip in the US at Instagram, got her name in front of a human, and her account got put back.

[00:35:11] That's 1 in a million, man. I was very lucky. 1 in a million that my audience got that, that could do that. And so that tells me if you're nurturing social media and you think that's your list, it'll be gone tomorrow, and you don't have a single thing from it. Not one archive post, nothing.

[00:35:32] You don't own social media, Mark Zuckerberg, does, and you don't pay for it so you can't complain about it. If you're not paying money, You're the product. Do you understand that? If you're not paying for it, you're the product. And then people will go, well, how am I the product on social media?

[00:35:54] They just spent the last 12 years, gathering your data, and selling it to people. You are the product. Now, that's not what your list is for. Your list is for nurturing and selling. Now you know the difference between the 2.

[00:36:08] Who's had a light bulb moment over that? Or is everyone just like, well, yeah? Because if everybody's saying, well, yeah, then I'm like, then why are you doing such a bad job trying to sell on social media? Do you get that? Was that a big one?

[00:36:25] So when I watched that guy from the shark tank, and he said, 1 of the multi billionaires or whatever they are, and he said, you know, I would have told you engineering was the best degree you could have for now. He said, but now I would say it's anybody that can craft a compelling narrative with rich photo or video. Mhmm. He said because of all my businesses, I am paying 100 of 1000 of dollars in compelling narratives. I'm pay people that can tell stories around my product, my service, my business, and my client, and he said my thought engineering was the place to go, but it's not.

[00:37:03] And if you are a curator, a creator, a writer, if you're someone that that curates content, and rich photo and rich video and content is what matters, then that tells me we are supposed to be putting our stories out there. So if you're a solo preneur who's building a brand around you, then you're creating and starring in your own brand. You are the star in this story. Yeah. I love this quote.

[00:37:29] I really, really love this

[00:37:33] quote.

[00:37:38] When your story is the marketing, all you have to do is live, the best artists and entrepreneurs figure this out. And essentially, they hacked the universe They look like they're doing a million things, but really they're doing one. They're making art, and they're living inside their work, and they never turn it off because there's nowhere else to go. It's like, that's just passion. You know, I've coached thousands of people over 15 years.

[00:38:13] Do you want to know something extraordinary? In the 1st 3 to 5 years, everyone just struggles to get consistency in bookings. And that's all. They're just like, I want consistency. I want consistency.

[00:38:25] But, you know, when you serve, when you connect, when you deliver on your promise, when you have that invitation that's really confident, And when you provide value, you know, it's that's it. There's just all of these systems around you, they activate, and they create this momentum. And it's truly momentum of money, momentum of clients, you start growing, you start seeing it, and it's slow. At first, it's really slow. But, you know, you ask any small business, you ask any entrepreneur, and I will guarantee they will all say this one thing.

[00:39:01] This is gray area between clicking into sales, and before you break through. Do you know what this gray area is? If you ask people what it is that they did when their marketing just started to work when it's all of a sudden an engine that was they don't really seem to activate it anymore. It's just constantly showing up, and then they kind of go, oh, I, oh, I guess I just, well, everyone says the same thing. They don't know the moment you're gonna forget.

[00:39:33] And then all of a sudden you'll go, oh, I might be there. I forgot that I used to struggle at this, and then all of a sudden you're like, And then they say this, I guess word-of-mouth just took over. Have you heard that? Word of mouth just took over. Oh, so that means other people thought you were valuable without you even talking, and then all of a sudden they were calling you saying my friend did this, and you thought that was word-of-mouth.

[00:39:57] And they still say word-of-mouth is the best marketing. It is word-of-mouth it's when your energy is attracting people. That's word-of-mouth. So it's not, will they talk about you? It's how they talk about you.

[00:40:09] If somebody can tell a story about what you do, they'll tell everybody. We love telling stories, that's how it works, So in the moment that you ask people when you're struggling, how they broke through their marketing, they'll say something like it kinda feels like magic. And you won't even understand that it wasn't magic because all of a sudden it's like, well, you know, I guess I did the work. I know you in there. You went to the place where people then asked, well, then how do you get your work then?

[00:40:39] And you were like, well, I see everyone do it. They kind of go like, it just, it, I guess it It like yeah. Alright.

[00:40:49] So when you say, what are you doing in your marketing? And people say, you know, I post,

[00:40:50] I share, I have a referral system, You know, it's not enough. You've gotta actually get people to a yes or no. You gotta get in front of them and offer it to them, and that's the part that we're most afraid of. You know, we spend all this time on trying to be good enough and am I good enough to be chosen, but we don't offer the service and equal exchange of that money that we want, and that's what it is. We focus instead on that the money is validating, instead of what we can offer them in equal exchange, and the power of what we can offer them.

[00:41:39] That's the most incredible part. Ask me marketing questions,

[00:41:44] A couple people are looking for some clarification around what you give away for free versus what you sell. So the kind of lead magnet, lead generation, things that you give away for free.

[00:41:56] Okay. So if I was selling coaching,

[00:41:59] and my coaching was about money and sales, then I would do a lead generator showing them

[00:41:59] one of my segments. I would do a lead generator explaining the steps to growing it and why, you are the

[00:42:17] person that coaches you through those steps. And I would sit down and give a presentation wrapped and say, this is what this class is about.

[00:42:17] If you wanna take the next step, there it is. But but there's information in there that's free, a download, a template, bullet points, you know, lots of tangible steps. You're giving information to get their attention What we're most afraid of is giving it away and not getting paid, and that sounds a lot like positiveness. Mhmm. And that sounds like scarcity and scarcity smells stinky.

[00:42:52] Something stinks in here. Oh, it's scarcity. And nothing smells worse than

[00:42:56] a scarcity mentality. A follow-up question to that? Keep going. 2 different people were saying, once person said

[00:42:56] it, it feels manipulative,

[00:43:07] Another person said they feel fake posting on social media, where, like,

[00:43:12] where is all of that coming from? Okay. So feeling like an imposter, hugely, mastery, mostly the fakeness comes from this idea that

[00:43:12] I'm not

[00:43:21] my authenticity, because if I just speak to the camera and I really speak authentically, I don't look fake at all. I just look like me.

[00:43:29] Mhmm.

[00:43:29] So that just means you haven't found your voice yet. The easiest way to find your voice is get your phone out and just film a video of you talking, and then watch it. And if you think you're fake, do it again, but this time do it authentically. And if you still think you're fake, do it again, and this time do it authentically, And if you still think you're fake, do it again, but this time do it authentically. And again, do it authentically.

[00:43:55] Keep doing it authentically 85 times. Find new light because new light makes the video way better. Like, you know, you're like, this is terrible, and then you get in good light, and you're like, wait a minute. It. Okay.

[00:44:05] Now I look hot. And then you spend the whole time in the video speaking to your hotness. You're like, hi guys. How are you doing? Fake.

[00:44:15] The truth is is authenticity is when you can pick it up and just be like, Hi, everyone. My name's Sue Bryce, and this is what I'm doing for you. And I'm being a my authentic voice and in my authentic energy. And when you watch all those videos and judge yourself harshly, pick the one that you felt was the most authentic voice. That's what it is.

[00:44:34] And the other question was there was double loaded. That was

[00:44:36] someone felt manipulative. Oh, yes. That was true. I I'm not sure if they were referring to social media or in or a late email list and that sort of thing selling through that.

[00:44:46] Okay. So how are you when you sell to them on email. Okay. That's your guilt and shame. Like, I have to manipulate people into spending money with me.

[00:44:50] That's guilt and shame. It smells like guilt and shame.

[00:45:03] You know, you can smash your guilt and shame. There's no manipulation. Alright. Because that would imply that what you're selling

[00:45:03] is false. Or not good enough. Doesn't sound like value,

[00:45:21] does it? Alright. More marketing questions.

[00:45:21] Do you guys have questions before doing Oh, Are you able to put up my 1,000,000 5th 500 k slides that I, gave you before I would like to speak to actually making more money?

[00:45:39] In the meantime, Jamie has another question. She said it's hard for her to imagine all of these people buying my product. Because I don't know how to reach that many people, like getting stuck in the house. And how do I, you know, statistically only so many people are gonna buy, how do I reach the amount of people that I need for this amount of people to buy?

[00:45:59] Okay. So you're worried about something that's not happening yet instead of connecting instead of connecting to what you have now. And if you're worried about getting more people, it's because you're looking at your social media saying I don't have that audience. I tell I talk content curator, and I said, you know, if you wanna sell a product to this many people, this is the the list, and everyone goes, I don't have that many followers. And you're like, get them.

[00:46:25] How have you built the audience to get that audience to sell to? So I know that that feels chicken and egg, but that's truthfully what you have to do. No, no, no, sorry. It's the the creator calculator. The two slides I gave Sierra, Sierra's not in the hot seat.

[00:46:43] Okay. I gave her 2 slides. It says 50 k and 1,000,000 in there in there separate, and I just wanted to show that breakdown. Don't worry. That's coming.

[00:46:52] Sorry. Bring me back to the question. I I skipped out of that question.

[00:46:56] It was about, of course, I just don't

[00:46:59] How will I get that reach of people? Yes. Okay. Correct. So we don't worry about reach.

[00:47:03] We worry about connection first. Once you get connection, you get reach because as soon as you connect to a small group of people, they operate in their life and they go, I'm currently following this mentor, or I'm current I follow this check for this reason. I follow this person and engage for this reason. And inevitably, if I make your life better, you start talking about me, and and other people are drawn to me for that reason. Their individual slides, it was not in the presentation.

[00:47:30] I put them in separately unless Sierra put them in the end of number 4. Yeah. Okay. I got where you're going. Sorry.

[00:47:37] So yeah, to me, it's about, it's the best way to describe it when it comes to online. Was, you know, I always just wanted to give people a reason to follow me. I I never tried to get a following. I always tried to just share with them amount of enthusiasm and love, enjoy that I could because it translates. Mhmm.

[00:48:06] And when you do find the connection to your voice, you will build an audience fast around it.

[00:48:12] Someone someone asked about, you know, using your dentist Hi, Dennis. How to use social media more efficiently. Remember you had a recipe that I fa that I use. It's really to this day. Posting something from the heart, something borrowed.

[00:48:26] Yeah. Something old something new something borrowed, something blue. Okay. So somebody said, well, why do I write on my social media? And I was like, just think of being a bride.

[00:48:35] Something old something new, something borrowed something blue. And they were like, what does that mean? And that's something old is something you're bringing back from maybe something that inspired you, or something that from the beginning of your career, or something that, like, an artist created 40 years ago that you get inspiration from, something old could be anything that connects you to the past, something new would be what you're working on now, a new hobby, a new job, a new creative project, something new would just be, this is what I've read this week that changed my business life. Have you read this business book Oh, guys, I'm a solo printer, and I just did the personal brand workshop with Sue Bryce. It's gonna change my business.

[00:49:13] Fantastic. Like, that is a post. It doesn't matter as long as it's connected to you. And then, something borrowed was inspiration from somebody else, something borrowed was a quote, something borrowed was, a recommendation from somebody else, or an experience from somebody else, or even a post from somebody else, a story about somebody else, and something blue was emotional connection. And I always just kept that in my mind because every time I went to post, I'd say something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue.

[00:49:45] And then I'd look at my post and go, oh, last week, I talked about something emotional this week, I'll talk about something new, or something old, because something old brings back so many cool connections because other people who have followed you for a long time are like, I remember this, and and it's constantly bringing newer audiences to the connection that you have with your people. This slide right now, I actually did I realized this slide had dropped out yesterday, and I just wanna show you something. I showed you a path to a $1,000,000, which is the next slide, but this slide is $500,000. Now, you can rewrite this and do a $100,000 because I want you to make tangible goals. Tangible goals are the next congruent step.

[00:50:30] Now, if it's on the timeline, I can get you to create a $100,000 off a new product if you change the calculator, I didn't give you a lesser calculator because Jen just designed these 2. And I was like, that's fine. People some people will want to go towards a $1,000,000 over time, and some people will want to go to 50,000. But what I'm actually asking you to do when you look at these is I'm asking you to do something. Okay?

[00:50:55] Let me show you what it is. If I want to create a $1,000,000 of income and I know that I have a product that sells it that much money, and I know that in order to get to a $1,000,000, I've gotta find this many people. This many people want my business. This many people want me. This many people in 1 year will bring me this income, but if I asked you to make this income, you would fail.

[00:51:28] Cause you can't chase a $1,000,000? You can chase the hell out of 2.86 people. You can't manifest a $1,000,000, but you can sell a quality product to 2.86 people, and you're a millionaire. 286 people in 1 year. I sell

[00:51:48] that to 1 2 186 people

[00:51:49] for that income. And suddenly you stop thinking about this, and you start making goals for this. Right? Provide it.

[00:52:03] This is mindset. Mindset is when you acknowledge when you look at

[00:52:12] something. That's not how I would have looked at it. Had I had looked at this before, I would have said, how am I gonna find fifteen thousand people?

[00:52:22] And I

[00:52:22] was like, you know what? Creative brickened product that's worth that for fifteen thousand people, and you will find them. Most misquoted spare most misquoted quote of all quotes for speakers. Trust me. I'm a speaker.

[00:52:40] So I go to events that I book for, and I'm one of the very rare people that if you book 13 speakers, I will be there for the other 12. And when people say, well, you came for the whole day. I was like, well, I wanted to see all the speakers. I once sat through a a a professional talk where the guy gave a really cool quote, and then the next girl that got up had the same

[00:53:05] quote in her keynote. It gets better. I had

[00:53:05] it in my keynote, So I deleted it from my keynote, or I would have been the schmuck that stood up there and said it the third time that day without knowing what the other 2 said, because my ego was too big to watch anybody else talk. So if they don't come to your talk, they don't realize that they just blew it, and you nailed it, because I watched what everybody gave. One after another, I watched the audience, I watched the applause, and I was like, I know what these people need, I know what they need. They need exactly what these people didn't get them. And I was there learning, developing my content, making myself better.

[00:53:48] And I stood up there, and I said, I'm gonna be the best speaker on that stage, And the reason I said that was because I studied it, and I focused on it, and I wanted to be, but I felt like it had to be, because I was the least educated, and I thought if I just have to outwork everybody else, I will be the best up there, but it wasn't the work or that reason. The reason I outworked everyone else is I gave the most from the stage. I give the most without asking for anything in return. I've just given you 2 days, 2 of my days. I am gonna ask you for something in return.

[00:54:24] If you don't buy this workshop and join this coaching, but you still enjoyed this and wanna take it, give me a shout out on social media, or recommend me to a friend. That's what you can do for me. That's equal exchange of value, and I hope I hope hope hope that something I said in the last 2 days is gonna move your needle and make your life better because, I got the goosebumps. I know it is. It's about not being afraid of this number.

[00:54:51] Like, how am I gonna find a hundred thousand people to give me $10? Well, I have 600,000 followers on social media, and it doesn't take long for you to get up there once you're creating follow posts instead of sales posts. So is that really that hard to achieve? When you see it like this, it takes the fear away. You gotta take the fear away from what you're doing.

[00:55:18] And all of a sudden, it becomes more about units, and less about rejection. You know? And that's the bit that I think is most incredible.

[00:55:29] Carolyn in the chat said, you just set me free from social media, nurturing, connecting, showing my products in process, I can do that easy peasy.

[00:55:38] Yep. And then the invitation and a little promise on there, a little invitation and a little promise, and then a little group. Hey, you know, you could join my private group, my VIP group, my wait list, you could join my newsletter, and you're the people I wanna talk to, these guys I just show off for. These guys I point at boxes for. Okay.

[00:56:01] Let's pointed our boxes, oh, oh, oh,

[00:56:02] oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,

[00:56:03] oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Elena. I'd rather go to

[00:56:15] only fans. I've got small feet, but they're not that small. Elena just said, okay. Okay. I purchased with the

[00:56:15] dance emoji. Fully believe it will pay for itself

[00:56:29] ten times over,

[00:56:31] and it will. It will. Alright. We're gonna have one more break. We're gonna come back, and I'm gonna hit you with a little daily ritual of just making it happen in life.

[00:56:42] Making your life happen. Look, you thought marketing was about selling all this time, and it's not. Get out of your selling head. Selling is simply the question after you've shown off And after you shared, when you look at

[00:56:57] somebody and say, is this what you would like? And you bought them to

[00:56:57] a yes or no? That's when you're selling. So posting a mini session, not selling. Posting a discount, not selling. Yeah.

[00:57:12] That kind of smells a little stinky also. So it's like, you're kind of like, are you really selling now? Now you understand that you are

[00:57:24] getting in an entirely different way.

[00:57:25] That's attracting. Okay. Don't be afraid of those numbers. Don't be afraid of that created calculator. It's just units.

[00:57:26] Fill it with value, connect them, and move those units. If that if there is a timeline to that number, it's yours.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 7 ====