==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 1 ====

[00:00:00] You clap into this broadcast, you're clapping for yourself because you chose to be here today, and I want to change your life. You know, I always say people say, you've changed my life. You've changed my life. And I'm like, you know what? I don't change your life, you change your life, but I change mine, and I'm gonna show you how.

[00:00:20] And inevitably, it's gonna change yours. I believe in this content so much, I wanted to do it live and free. We're going back to old days, And how awesome is that? You know, this is a powerful workshop, and I want it to move your needle, and I want it to change your path forward. So let's get started.

[00:00:43] Your brand The number one pillar that you are building around you is your brand, and your brand is your face value. Now if your brand is your face value, that's what you're putting out to the world who I am, what I do, and who I do it for. It's one of the most scary, terrifying things you ever do in your life, and it's called putting yourself out there Now I'm specifically teaching a business class. This is a personal brand class. Why did I call it personal brand?

[00:01:20] Personal brand is the future. If you are a solo preneur, a creative, if you're a designer, a photographer, a coach, you have a personal brand. If your name is on the door, this is a personal brand, and personal brands are the future moving forward. Now I coach personal brands, and now I don't just coach creatives. I coach doctors.

[00:01:43] I coach a lawyer. I coach a plumbing business because people are standing up in their brand because why social media has changed the world has changed. We used to hide behind our brand name, and now we've got to put ourselves up and out there, and that's why we've got to create this personal brand. Now you will not create a personal brand until you get clarity. And clarity is what we are looking for in this entire pillar.

[00:02:15] When you create your brand, you're looking for clarity, and that has been able to communicate who you are, what you do, and who you do it for. So make no mistake about this. I nearly called this workshop love and money because this workshop is about love and money. Why? I have built a personal brand through 6, 7, and 8 figures.

[00:02:39] I did that with love and money as my center love and money was what I wanted. I wanted more love I wanted more money when I first started out. I soon worked out. The more I loved this path, this business, the more I loved and valued myself, the more I loved and created the actual path I want, not what I thought everybody else told me I should do. My value increased, everything increased.

[00:03:07] This is what you need to understand. Love is a verb, and money is a by product man. And when you are apply those 2 energies to your business, you will win. You know, before we do anything, this is how deep I want to go. I don't care about your surface level.

[00:03:25] I don't care about your logo. A logo never booked a client for me. Logos are a waste of time and a waste of money, but that won't stop you from creating 1. Logos are ridiculous. I would rather use spend your time on you and building up you than a logo.

[00:03:44] But at the end of the day, when you sit in front of me as a coach, I don't care about your color scheme for your brand. I don't care about the font you decided to use. I don't even care about how you write your bio. When I care about when I'm coaching you and I wanna move you, I wanna move you in your income, I wanna move you in your business value, and I wanna move you in your self value, the first thing I'm gonna ask you is what is your path forward? And when I'm coaching you, you have to look me in the eye and tell me the path you're about to walk.

[00:04:23] And if there is no authenticity in what you are saying to me in that moment, I can see it, and I can feel it, because it is palpable, and I can tell you are lying, and I can tell you are on the wrong path. Now, this is my superpower. I'm intuitive. I read body language and micro expression, 35 years of photographing faces I know everything there is to know about micro expression. And when I see people telling me about their path forward and it's not connected to love or money, I know you're out of alignment, and you are walking in the wrong path So the first question I'm gonna ask is, are you walking your right, correct, true path right now?

[00:05:13] And if you've started a business and you might even be 10 years into it, but it's just not connecting, and it's just not growing, and it's just not flowing. It's just hard work then do this test. If you were starting out with a whole brand new dream today and you haven't even taken a step towards it, you just think, I'm gonna go and watch this workshop and see what dream forms for my future brand, do this exercise, if you're burned out, do this exercise. If you feel like you're on the right freeway, but in the wrong lane, do this exercise, and the reason I do this exercise is I've been doing it for 25 years. Whenever I talk to anybody, I just randomly do this exercise, and it's the craziest thing.

[00:06:05] So let's do a test to see how connected you are to this new brand, all this old brand, or maybe you're just in the building phase or maybe you're actually wondering what your real purpose in calling is. Let's do this test. I call this test the 1,000,000 dollar dream, and it's a really weird thing. If you've got lots of money, $1,000,000 is not a lot. You can blow through $1,000,000 quickly.

[00:06:37] We all know that $1,000,000 will buy you a great house in the middle of America. But on the outer edges, it's going to be a good deposit. We know a $1,000,000 doesn't actually move our needle that much, but it actually does. Because anybody who's in debt, anybody who's struggling, anybody who's living month to month, managing their money stabilizing their money, but not accumulating, $1,000,000 will change your path It will change your life, it will change your path, if you allow it, listen to why. If you truly if you truly think about this energy, this $1,000,000, I'm about to gift you a $1,000,000.

[00:07:25] But it comes with a rule. Storing with me. Okay? So you can use this $1,000,000 solely for that business. You need to write down if that $1,000,000 is paying off any debt.

[00:07:48] Cause if it's paying off debts, straight away, that's your number one problem, write that down, that $1,000,000 will change the way you work, but will it make your ship go faster? And what do you want to do with the $1,000,000 I need you to spend time with this, like sit with it, sit with it for days, sit with a piece of paper in front of you, sit there and say, what would I do with this money? Imagine you're creating a budget for this money, and it's gonna feed your business for a year. What's it gonna buy? What do you need right now in your space or on your online space What do you believe is missing that this money will pay for?

[00:08:37] What opportunities do you see will come to you with this money? Acknowledge this feeling that if I have that money, there'll be no more stress, no more ebb and flow of income that makes me feel constantly sick because it's just not flowing to me, and what would it alleviate What would it help? You can't help anybody else. This business is for you. So this business, that $1,000,000, it's not to give to your family, it's not to give to your children, it's not to make anybody else's life better, it's only for your business.

[00:09:15] And I want you to spend that money in your business. I want you to connect and spend time considering if you're actually doing everything on this list or if it's completely removed from the path that you are currently walking, I do this test with people. I've made a check. This is my check, and this is in the PDF download for when you get this class. In this check, you can print it, and you can put your name on it.

[00:09:49] There's something about this. There's something about holding it.

[00:09:50] I tell people to close their eyes,

[00:09:58] I might go off camera for a sec, but you know, I'm here. I tell people to close their eyes and receive this $1,000,000. I tell them to feel it. I tell them to feel what it feels like to be given this gift.

[00:10:14] I want you to put your name on it. I want you to sign this

[00:10:25] check it's signed by me. Don't cash it.

[00:10:28] You might get arrested. This check is powerful. It solves problems.

[00:10:40] It changes all

[00:10:41] of the things that you think are in the way.

[00:10:41] It gives you opportunities you thought you didn't have. It's for your business. It's to make your business better. For those of you out there that are not holding a check, hold a check hold a piece of paper and close your eyes. Think about it, man.

[00:11:10] God, what I wouldn't have done is somebody given me that. I could have had everything I wanted in the 1st year. But it couldn't. Because you do with money, what you do with money now. And if somebody had given me a $1,000,000 in my 1st year of business, I would have done with that $1,000,000 what I was doing with money at the time.

[00:11:39] I would have destroyed it. I would have spent it. I wouldn't have valued it, and I wouldn't have given it any direction. So until you change something, someone giving you a $1,000,000 means nothing. You know that TV show move that bus?

[00:11:57] Google, how many people still have their house in a year? You know, average lotto winners, ask them how much money they have in 1 year, it's gone. Because if you don't learn about money and you don't know what to do with money, you don't value it, and you have no direction for it, you simply can't create it. And you'll just consume with it. It's how it works.

[00:12:22] So this $1,000,000, it's a dream, and it shows you what you really want. It actually helps you get to the core of, well, if I had that money in the bank, I certainly wouldn't be doing that job. Yeah. Right? It shows you how far you are out of alignment from what you really want, and what you're going to hear over the next 2 days is what do you really want.

[00:12:49] So what you really want, you are then going to Get a vision for it and create a timeline to it. And when you create a timeline to something, it will come to fruition, and I'm going to teach you how to do that. But the first thing I need to know is is this a clear path for you, and is this a true path for you? And when you tell me I know when it's not true. The most incredible thing that you can do for your brand, your business, and this $1,000,000 is to create a vision, create a vision with it.

[00:13:32] Like, go beyond what this $1,000,000 will alleviate, and I want you to start to create a vision for that money. I want you to literally look at it and say, what vision am I going to create for this money? I wanna introduce you to the multiverse. The multiverse is about creation. It's about when you create anything in your mind, I want you to understand what the multiverse is the multiverse is like sliding doors.

[00:14:04] It's the one day you could make a decision, and it will change the course of your life in business. And when you're in the multiverse, you get to imagine all of the paths you can walk, and you're just imagining them. Now, the multiverse is the most powerful place to visualize because you're just following a thread, what if I got that $1,000,000 and opened this business instead of this business? What if I did that and told everybody, and you're just exploring the idea of it in your mind before you tell anybody you know, they say don't share your vision, because when you get a share your vision, you get division, right? Because as soon as I share my vision, you're gonna give me your limits.

[00:14:54] You're gonna give me your ideas. You're gonna give me your rules. You're gonna give me your opinion, you're going to tell me if that's not possible. And as soon as all of that happens, I start to lose connection to what I want. So the multiverse is where you can explore every path.

[00:15:16] Imagine yourself

[00:15:16] completely different. Imagine yourself living in a different country.

[00:15:16] I don't. Imagine yourself doing something else imagine yourself surrounded by different people, it doesn't matter the multiverse is to explore. And when you explore, you understand I can create my future path because I'm looking for the path that lights me up the most. You know, there is no competition in the creator room, and comparison is self doubt. Inflated ego is a fear of rejection and envy is assigned to write a list.

[00:15:56] Now, I coach businesses. All I'm managing is people's comparison and self doubt. I go, this is how you do this. This is how you build a business. But what if I'm not good enough?

[00:16:09] Okay. That's comparison and self doubt. And I thought you were building a business with service and purpose, oh, but it's about me. And then we get stuck in our inflated ego and our fear of rejection. I can't do that because I'll get rejected.

[00:16:26] People won't like that. My family won't like that. Most people do not become an incredible, powerful personal brand because their friends or family or spouse told them they shouldn't, couldn't, can't, don't, because that's their limits. Well, somebody told me my limits in 2010 when I came to WPPI from Sydney Australia to attend that first ever first conference. I saw seventy four speakers on the stage, and I said, I want that.

[00:16:59] My friend said everybody wants that, and she poo pooed it. And I looked at her, and I said, those are your limits, man? Those are not mine. When I said that, I did not say that of the with the confidence that I'm Danny here right now. I said it more like this.

[00:17:15] Well, those are your limits. And they're not mine, and clearly they were mine, because it was upsetting me that she said I couldn't do it. And I remembered thinking, why can't I do it? Why? I have a great business.

[00:17:30] I have a great story. I have so much to share. Why can't I do it? Aren't you sick and tired of fighting against this invisible barrier of you putting yourself out there and being successful? Guess what?

[00:17:44] It's you. So? That's it. I realized in that moment, if I got out of my comparison, myself, doubt, and decided to walk the multiverse to see the path that I wanted if I can get out of my ego, which is just a fear of rejection, and if I could listen to the voice of envy inside me, why are they up on stage? They're not even good speakers, Why are they up on stage?

[00:18:10] They're not even good photographers. Why are they up on stage? They don't even make any money. I heard the judgment that was inside me looking at those other speakers. And then I said, well, if you think you're better than them, maybe you should get up there and do better than them.

[00:18:26] And I realized I was in envy, and envy is a call to action, because it means you want something. So I sat down instead, and I said, I want that. And, you know, the next year, I was booked on that stage, and that was the beginning for me because I just walked that multiverse and they asked myself, what is it that I want if you feel competition You're not in the multiverse. If you feel your ego, you're not in the multiverse. You're in your mind just thinking about how other people are better than you, instead of being a creator in the in the multiverse.

[00:19:06] I don't have time to worry about what you think of me, what you don't think of me. I only have time to give to the people who want to connect with me and hear from me and learn from me. Wallace D. Waddles I am here to create. I am not here to compete for what is already created.

[00:19:26] As soon as you go into a competition mind, you have stopped being in a creation energy There is no competition in creation. I guarantee it. A lot of the times around me, and you will see this in multiple classes, I talk about doing your 3 by 3. What is your 3 by 3? It's ownership.

[00:19:48] It's the most powerful way to say who you are, what you do, and who you do it for. My name is Sue Bryce, and I teach workshops. I teach workshops in person and online about self value content curation of business. That's my 3 b my 3 by 3. I know who I am.

[00:20:10] I know what I do, and I know who I do it for. So, you know, for those of you that have not heard of the 3 by 3 before, that want to do their 3 by 3, we're going to drop a link in for homework so that you can do that because that link is also on my website, and it's easy for you to get hold of, but I want you to do it because you need to be able stand in front of me, look me in the eye, and give me your 3 by 3, and I want you to know that it's the truth. You know, the most powerful energy that comes out of a human body is authenticity. Everybody thinks it's love, or hate, or rage, and it's not. Authenticity actually registers a lot higher than those 3 very volatile emotions.

[00:20:59] And the most incredible thing about authenticity is it's the truth. It's your truth. So when you speak a 3 by 3

[00:21:09] to me, and there's not enough truth in it, it sounds like

[00:21:09] bullshit, because it's not the truth. When you have built a business that's not the path you really wanna walk, it's not the truth. It's not your truth. If I do anything today, I want you to come to the standing if you're on your true path or not. And if you're not, please don't be afraid.

[00:21:37] The whole point of being here is that I'm waking you up to it so that you can shift gears. It's that simple. What is your brand story? We're all brand owners. We're all building brands.

[00:21:52] What is your brand story? You know, and when you really sit down and say, what is my brand story? You know, is it I made this? I created this. You know, I built this.

[00:22:07] I overcome this. What is it? When you think about how you tell your brand story to the world, what is that brand story I scovered this. I learned this. I mastered this.

[00:22:19] Like, what is it? I fought my way through this tooth and nail. Your brand story is there, and it's so it and it's going to resonate with so many people but you first have to see that story as important. You've all heard my stories. For those of you that have coached with me, you've heard some of the most powerful transformation stories of me building my brand, and they were simple.

[00:22:46] They were simple stories, stories that just one simple thing just moved my needle exponentially, and I just knew. So I really want you to understand why your story is interesting. You know, for some people, they're in business just to make money because that's actually their connection and their motivation. There's a lot of people out there that wanna learn that, that wanna connect to that, that will be attracted to that, because they see you as somebody that's building systems, wealth, You know, it doesn't matter what your thing is, you're going to attract people because ultimately finding out that brand story. Now the most interesting thing about people is you're trying so hard to be validated with your brand, which is your face value, you've stopped communicating who you really are.

[00:23:32] You've stopped communicating where you've come from. You've stopped communicating what you've been through. You've stopped communicating to anybody about who you really are and what connects you to this business. So personal brand, the content, you are the brand, you're the face, you're the voice. So, you know, think of your content.

[00:23:54] Think of your marketing content. Think of how you've written text on your website, Think of your words. Think of your connection to this product, think of your service, think of the experience people have what with you, and think about that connection. Now, that connection, that connection right there is going to make you a lot of money, and a lot of people don't have it. We don't have a connection with our brand story, and then we haven't connected to our clients what it is that we really do for them, because we're so busy trying to be seen by them and have validate us and tell us we're good enough.

[00:24:36] So look at this, look at what we buy, In the world, look at what we buy, look at what we value. The number one book purchased in the world $14,000,000,000 last year was spent on fictional romance. We dream about love. We fantasize about love. If you are thinking of writing a romance book, Get yourself into that $14,000,000,000 immediately.

[00:25:11] Are you serious? Romance novels. When I read that, part of me went, and the other part of me went, oh, Oh, we would much rather read about fantasy love than put it down and connect with a loving relationship with the person we're most resentful to. And I was like, wow, that's fascinating. Let's look at nonfiction.

[00:25:38] Memoirs. Number 1, memoirs and autobiographies. Why? Because human stories is where it's at. We wanna connect with love.

[00:25:49] We wanna connect with stories. Alright? Religion and spirituality, we wanna know that we're good. We wanna we want to we want to connect with faith. Number 3.

[00:26:03] Self help. 4. Business. Because once you get through all those business stories and autobiographies, once you connect to your faith and what you want, once you start to read self help books, we usually are about love and money. You realize you want more So you start a business.

[00:26:25] That's how it works. And the most awesome part about this is cookbooks is number 5. You gotta eat, and you gotta have family, man, because when we feed a family, that is community That is family. Then we buy books about money because we're frustrated. We're frustrated now.

[00:26:45] We've heard the stories. We've connected to god. We've tried to help ourselves. We've built the business. Now we're cooking for the family.

[00:26:52] But the money is just not coming. We better go and buy some money books. Now money books comes up at number 7. Next minute you start making money. You realize you're so exhausted from creating the first six steps in your life.

[00:27:04] You probably need to go to the gym, work out, balance yourself better, because you're, what, burning out, yeah, that's usually what happens throughout here, and we start burning out, then we work on our body, and then we work on our fitness. But then we're making enough money that we should travel more. And then we start traveling and then, hey, when you've got everything and you're not stressed

[00:27:24] out anymore, guess I need a hobby. And as I went through it, every year,

[00:27:25] it shifts and every year there's a different need, and self help gets lower in some years, and self help went higher and money went right up to number 4 at one point. But the first three, the first two don't change. The first two don't change, and that ultimately is what we want. We want to upgrade our

[00:27:54] lives in all of these areas we want to enrich

[00:27:54] our lives. We crave connection and meaning and belonging. And, you know, you are personally connected to each, well, you are personally collected to some of them, which ones? Which one do you look at right there? And you go, I am per I'm perse my brand can personally connect to how many of those themes, because this is how people want to talk about, listen to this, my 3, self help, business and money, Okay, self help business and money cause those three areas, when I changed those areas, my life changed significantly, so those are my jam.

[00:28:38] Now, I've spent 25 years as a working photographer before I started teaching I can relate myself to most of that list. I can relate myself to most of that list, but it's the one that I'm most drawn to, okay, that is the connection to me. So look at that list again. Think about each one of those areas and go, oh, yeah, I definitely belong in that area, because that tells me if it's connected to you, you're going to find a way to connect it to your brand. So I'm a photographer, so I have intimate conversations with women.

[00:29:16] I have had intimate one on one conversations about self value and self worth for 35 years. I have talked about body image and confidence and putting yourself out there, just as a photographer, I am a walking self help book. I have photographed over 6000 women. I wrote a book about it I created a a confidence and self worth workshop in 2001 and 2 people came. It was like, I knew back then what I wanted to do.

[00:29:53] It was infused into my brand, because it's infused into me, and when you can't find your connection, you can't find your fulfillment, you can't find your value, business and money for me. Business was how I worked out how to manifest, but it wasn't manifestation. I was selling a product around me and filling it with value, that's tangible manifestation. Business and money changed my life and that's why I love teaching it. I built a 6, 7, and an 8 figure business and sold 2 companies.

[00:30:31] I could teach money all day every day because these subjects, they thrill me, and they were my biggest loaning curve, my biggest learning curve. You know, I could not teach money or business until I paid off my debt and created a sustainable income. But when I walk that path, once you've walked it, once you've built your business, you've done it. You don't need to qualify yourself anymore. You don't need to tell people that you're qualified anymore.

[00:31:05] You're doing it. You've done it. You're done. You created an income. Now you're managing that income and scaling that business.

[00:31:15] You don't have to that's it. Stop with the next level and am I good enough and next level and am I good enough? Every time I mastered something, I knew I could teach it. Everything you create in your brand will belong to one of these 4 words. It's that simple.

[00:31:33] Everything I do is education because education sells. These 4 things sell. We want education, we want to be empowered, we want engagement, and community, and we want entertainment. This is what we spend money on, because all of these things make us feel good. So if those other things they connect us and these ones make everyone feel good, then you're gonna look at all of those areas and themes and say which ones am I most connected to?

[00:32:05] Which ones, which ones am I using in my business right now and use this slide in your marketing? Put this slide in your office on the wall printed out and say everything I write to my client? Is it educational? Is it empowering? Is it engaging?

[00:32:25] Is it entertaining? Does it connect? Is it for them from me? You know, I say that self help self worth and self value are my jam. And I know that when I teach it, I can teach anything through a filter of that energy.

[00:32:45] So how does being a photographer, let's say, good example, connect me to these things. Do you know why? It's me. It's connected to me. That's an authentic connection.

[00:32:57] So clearly, I, when I was at the height of my photography career in the beginning, I was a competitive martial artist. So I would turn up to photoshoots with big black pressure bruises all the way down my forearms, that did look kind of a little scary for some people would see the bruising and look away. Like, oh, is she being beaten? No, but she was dishing out some beatings. It didn't take long for me to say I'm a martial artist, But, you know, that's what you do when you're obsessed with something.

[00:33:33] You talk about it. Some people would be like, wow, that's impressive. Others would be like, cool. Mostly, people would be like, oh, oh my gosh, so am I, or so is my son, or so is and it didn't take long for me to relate what I was doing to being a photographer because I'm connecting with people, but the one thing you need to understand about this connection that you're now looking for all of those subjects that you're connected to, is is it truly connected to you? Because if it's not authentic, people will feel it.

[00:34:07] But when you have an authentic connection to one of those areas, watch people get magnetized to you that are exactly the same as you because

[00:34:16] we attract clients that are like

[00:34:16] us, have you noticed that? We attract people just like us and our business because that's what we're attracting. So in marketing, we say sell everything, but the business, doesn't it make sense that you'd be connected to all of those areas that you have some connection to all of those areas because if not, you're really just telling people over and over again that you have a product and they should buy it, and that's not marketing. When you create connection, it's called selling on the periphery. It's not direct selling, it's like, wow, I totally was drawn to that person to work with them.

[00:35:02] I connected with them because we're so alike, they do this also and work in this field, and I also do this, you will be amazed at when you start to share yourself how many people will be

[00:35:14] directly attracted to you. So in marketing, I always

[00:35:14] say market to what people aspire to be. Okay, think of it. This is aspiration. When you think about what you do as a business owner, when you think about how you create as a business owner, and when you think about what you give people, how you serve them, what do you think they aspire to be in your brand? What do you think they aspire to be by owning your product?

[00:35:44] What do you think they aspire to be? Cause if you speak to them through their aspiration, watch people go, she's saying what I want You know, she's saying what I aspire to be, and that's really different from telling people more about you. And if you truly think about what aspires them to be more, in your brand, you can elevate people so fast because you're doing it because that's exactly how it works. It's about you. Now, what do you aspire to be in this brand?

[00:36:21] That's the one I want you to write down, what do you aspire to be in this brand? Because if you're not talking to people about what they want to become, what are you talking to them about? You know, this is very, very important. And what you aspire to be, I think, is the most important part. Because now, if you wrote a list that said, I aspire to be with this business I aspire to be, and you write that list, that is your goal list.

[00:36:54] Now if there was envy, write it on this list. I wanna be like, this person, okay, take them out of the equation and write what they've got that you think you want. I want that. I and don't write anything about them, the envy's gone, it was just to show you what you really wanted. I want a book deal, I want a publicist, I want 300,000 followers on social media, make it clear what you aspire to be in this brand and start becoming that.

[00:37:25] Okay. This is the moment in life where everyone gets the most afraid with this question, And this question is, what do you want? Now, I've been coaching since 2009, and the one thing that I noticed about this question is when you are people, they don't answer. And the reason they don't answer is twofold, okay, at first, I was very confused by this because I'm very direct. I'm a direct human.

[00:37:55] I'm a direct coach. So I'd be I'd say, what do you want? And people would be like, what I I don't and I'd be like, no, what do you want? What do you want? And they'd be like, I I don't really know what I want.

[00:38:13] And I would look at people and I'd say, You don't know what you want? Okay. Even in my most desperate hour, I always knew what I wanted, because I wanted anything but what I had. I always thought I knew exactly what I wanted, I want to be rich, I want to be pain free, I want to be debt free, and those are just wishes They're not even they're not even demands, they're not even bullet points. They were just alleviating the pain that I had with money, the pain that I had in not being fulfilled.

[00:38:55] Just take a moment to ask yourself this one question, because I'm gonna ask you over

[00:39:00] and over again in 2 days.

[00:39:00] Do you feel fulfilled in your business right now? So when it comes to knowing what you want, I understood something. People really didn't know what they wanted, until they did the $1,000,000 dream. Because the reason that you don't tell me what you want and you do know is because you're too afraid to say it. You're too afraid to own it.

[00:39:38] But manifestation is declared, embody, demonstrate. It's it's actually owning what you want. So look at it like this. For years, I said, what do you want What do you want? And you can't tell me clearly what you want, you're not gonna get it.

[00:39:59] There's no path to it. So I'd get frustrated. Don't people understand? This is clear path. This is clear path, sorry, cookie.

[00:40:07] This you gotta cut a clear path to this. You've gotta see it. You've gotta create it. How can you create something when

[00:40:14] you go, I I don't know.

[00:40:16] I don't know. And I was like, oh, Then I realized you do know, you just don't know how to claim it, and you don't know how to say it, and you don't know how to empower it, so you don't say it because you think I just won't say that. And if you do say it, someone will shoot you down, or somebody will tell you you're ridiculous for even trying, or they'll tell you you can't because of the economy. So to me, dreams are fantasy. You know, clarity is clear vision.

[00:40:51] Clarity as I know what I want, clarity is a clear path. It's a clear path forward that tell you set goals. Clarity is certainty and conviction. Clarity turns tuning into action. Alignment

[00:41:06] with one's thoughts and one's desires with the feeling of

[00:41:06] connectedness with full heart activation Clarity is manifestation, it's everything you need, and right now you might just be stuck here. So I always say to people, sometimes you're on the right path. You've even built the structure you've built the business, you've built the website, you've built the product, you've built the systems and process around you, you've got your legal, you're doing everything right, and there's still no connection, no connection to you, and I call that right freeway wrong lane. And, you know, because I don't want you to feel this. You don't need to start from scratch, or maybe you do.

[00:41:59] If you nee if you need to know if this brand is connected to your knot, you can stop at segment 1, go and do your multiverse over and over and over and over and over and over again Do it 5000 times. Do it 5000 times until you can see the path that you want right there, connect to it, and as soon as you see it illuminate, you come out of the unit, out of the multiverse, and you say, I know what I want. And I changed that question. At first, it was, what do you want? And then it was, no, what do you want?

[00:42:37] Like, can you define this? What do you want? And I stood on stage and yelled at you for many years. Frustrated. Until I learned it was, what do you want?

[00:42:53] What do you want here? Because I tell you, you can get out of alignment so fast, and you can live other people's dreams and you can get stuck in this, I hate my job, and I can't get out of it. You're not gonna move with hate. The more you hate something, I hate my job, I hate my body, I hate my life, I hate the house that I live in, I hate the car that I drive, the more you hate it, the further you are from alignment to getting it. That's how simple it is.

[00:43:32] So for me, I want to connect people truly to what they want. Let's go back to the multiverse. This is so important to me. So when I started to walk this multiverse, I started to look at this creative thought as just being something that I was creating a whiteboard for, that I could literally stand here like this, and I could think, what if I wanted to become an artist? K.

[00:44:06] Goes to talks to family. I think I might become an artist. Nobody makes money from art. And now I'm gonna get everybody's opinion, and I'm gonna get everybody's division. Okay?

[00:44:20] But I didn't just explore what that would look like for me. So if I go in the multiverse, there's no judgment, there's no rules, there's no limits. If you hear rules and limits, you're back into comparison, and you're back in your ego. It's about creating a path forward with the $1,000,000 that you have in your hand. And as you start to see this, I have unlimited opportunity, I have money in the bank, I have no need for survival that is pulling me down, I have absolutely nobody else's rules, but mine and what I want to create, in your mind, you walk that path.

[00:45:03] I can do the multiverse while I'm waiting in line at the post office. I do the multiverse when I'm waiting in the waiting room at my doctor's room. If you give me 5 minutes just to wait for something, I don't wait, I create. I go into the multiverse and I start walking paths. When I feel a path doesn't light up, I know that's not my path, and I change it.

[00:45:26] It's it's a dream. It's just an idea, but dreams are fantasies. Okay? And all you're doing in this multiverse is not yearning for something you can't have, you're actually looking for the path that feels so good that you start to come back to the same thread. So imagine you've created this like multiverse, and you've got this path that you're walking towards And every time you come back to the multiverse, you pick up the same the same thought, and you start really creating in there.

[00:45:58] And what if I did this instead of this? Oh, well, and you're exploring how will my family respond to this? How will my partner respond to this change? How will my clients respond to this change? Will I get more clients?

[00:46:12] What if I created my business this way? And you just keep exploring and you keep exploring and you keep exploring and you keep exploring, until you exhaust this incredible creativity, okay, that is in you, and you start to realize that every block that you have right now is based on your roles and somebody else's Every limit you have created for yourself right now is based on your rules or somebody else's. And when you're in the multiverse, there are no rules. When you're in the multiverse, you are only creating. And this is one of the most incredible energies that you can ever bring into your world.

[00:46:52] I want you to really spend time with this $1,000,000. I need you to ask something, why does it change you

[00:46:52] so much? Can you acknowledge the feeling you have around it?

[00:47:05] All manifestation comes from the feeling self. Your interior life is

[00:47:05] what you think, and what you feel. And no one can see that until you speak. People can feel

[00:47:17] your energy. It's palpable, but they can't hear what's in your mind and in your heart

[00:47:26] until you open your mouth. That's your interior life.

[00:47:30] You have a whole world going on in that interior brain that

[00:47:30] is nobody can hear, but you think everybody can hear your thoughts. Most people do, and you also realize that

[00:47:42] all of that vision inside you is just sitting there waiting for

[00:47:42] you to create it. Alright? And it comes from a feeling. So you manifest from your interior self, not your exterior self. So answer this question, if you really think that you're valuable and your brand is valuable, and your product is valuable, and you think it, but

[00:48:14] you don't feel it, is it gonna sell? If you think that your brand is, valuable and your product is valuable and you're valuable and you feel it, you're attracting. It's that simple. So I guess the bigger question I ask you right now

[00:48:26] is, do you love your brand? Do you love your product?

[00:48:44] And do you love yourself and this brand? How you're

[00:48:44] putting yourself out there? Cause tell me if one of those 3 is not in alignment. Check and see that you're on the right path with this business because if there is a moment that you're gonna wake up to I need to change a little bit, it's right now. It's right at this

[00:49:10] beginning stage right now, because if you don't change, nothing is going to change. So spend

[00:49:10] more time with how this makes you feel. I'll tell you some ways people have responded to this check. Terry instantly dropped it on the table and thought in her head, well, I don't know what to do with that money, so I'll give it to my husband. So she instantly understood that she didn't even know what to do with it. She felt like she couldn't manage it.

[00:49:47] She felt like she didn't know how to spend it.

[00:49:49] She felt like she didn't know how to save it or care for it.

[00:49:54] Other people pushed it away as soon as they put it in their hand and wouldn't touch it. Three people cried uncontrollably when I gave it to them. It's not real, right? Because to them they were shaking, it represented a

[00:50:10] freedom and an alleviation of

[00:50:10] money pain. Now, if you guys are building a business and it's a personal brand that you want ultimately to grow one day into a company brand, like I did. It doesn't matter what level you want to grow to. It doesn't matter how big your vision is. You will not go any further until you acknowledge the feeling around this little piece of paper.

[00:50:33] You can't make this until you acknowledge your feeling around this little bit of paper, but when you do get this energy flowing, you can make this, and I'll show you how because it's just a flow. This is something you need to know. Love is a verb. Money is a byproduct. Yay.

[00:50:52] The more I love what I do, how I do it, and the part that I'm walking, the more I'm connected to it, the more I feel confident about it, the more I'm putting it out there, please acknowledge the feelings around this. What else has come up, anything online, give me a shout out in the chat, and ask me questions because Nicky's here. And right now, I can bounce back and forth with Nicky, and I have a microphone for anybody in the room This is something I want to talk about. This changes people's lives, and it's such an crazy exercise. Okay.

[00:51:22] I wanna speak to the people that find out today that they're on the wrong path. And I know what you're gonna do because she's gonna say, I did the $1,000,000 dream, and I'm on the wrong path. You know, in 2009, I hit rock bottom in Australia where I changed from being a studio owner and a photographer to an educator photographer, travel, no staff. And that change was so terrifying for me, and it pulled me apart. And I struggled, and I failed the first year because I keep going back to what I know instead of doing what I wanted.

[00:51:56] I keep going back to what I knew instead of doing what I truly wanted. So I remember waking up one day, money had gone, I was desperate, I was bottoming out, I knew I wasn't making it work, I knew I just was not going to get where I wanted to go, and I was crying, so I got, I did this, I always do this. Whenever I need clarity, whenever I need to work out my goals, whenever I wanna walk the multiverse, whenever I wanna do budgets, money, deconstructing millions, I'm gonna teach you how to do that this afternoon. I go to my piece of paper, and on this piece of paper today, that day I wrote love, And then I wrote hate. And on this side, I wrote everything

[00:52:40] I do that I really love doing, really love doing in my daily business. Love love love love love love.

[00:52:53] And on this side, I wrote everything that I hated doing. That's how many things I wrote, 43. There's something wrong with your business. I had, I had, at that day, I had $300 in the bank, and I'd had 52,000 in the bank the year before. So I knew I was tanking, and I knew I was failing at something that I'd been successful at for 15

[00:53:39] years before I wasn't breaking through. My studio made a $1,000,000 a year.

[00:53:40] This was me hating my path hating my life, hating my body, and here I was saying,

[00:53:56] I'm going to leave New Zealand and have an international career, I hate my job, I hate my life, and

[00:53:56] I hate my body, because I was just stuck in this place of like, and that was the moment when I wrote that. The more you hate something, I hate my job, I hate my body, I hate my life, I was stuck there the further you are from alignment with what you want. Because, my favorite Terry Hopper quote, have you ever met somebody who hates their body that loves their life? So why

[00:54:37] do they go hand in hand and why when you build a brand,

[00:54:45] are you more concerned with what's wrong with you? You know, we spend more time going, oh, I, I, I hate my body, my weight is not good enough to serve people. We get so stuck in all of these things that we hate, instead of starting to build a business that you really, really want. And that's what it comes down to, so I need you to tell me what you want. And I don't just need you to tell me a little bit about what you want.

[00:55:17] I need you to be so specific about you want that that kind of clarity puts a, did you feel that? Who got goose bumps up the back of their spine right in that moment, I want you to feel the tingles. I want you to look at me and tell me with authenticity what you want so that I can feel it. And when I look at you, I know if you're telling the truth or not, because when it's authentic, it's the truth, and when it's the truth, it's your spoken truth. You are a personal brand.

[00:55:49] Make no doubt about it. This is the brand. Segment 1, building a brand around you. Do your 3 by 3, lock in the ownership of who you are, walk the multiverse, use your $1,000,000 check, create multiple businesses in your mind until you show me the one that you're most connected to. The most incredible thing about alignment is as soon as you get clarity, you get into alignment with what you want, you start walking, it's that easy you are walking the walk.

[00:56:20] Okay? Clarity is all you need. Everything else is coming, but clarity is the most

[00:56:29] important thing. Give me some questions, Nikki. Do we have any questions out there or in the room if

[00:56:29] you need a mic with this one? Before a A couple questions. Can I just say, oh my gosh, Nicky Clotter is my host today, and I didn't even introduce you? Hi.

[00:56:46] Before a couple questions, I'm just Sue, this is so taking me back to when I first started doing this work so long ago. It's it's just really nostalgic to think about where I was then when I started doing this work with you and Sue talking me through back then what it is that I want. And as soon as I worked through that, started taking action and just really dialing it in and putting myself out there. My life changed. You know me?

[00:57:14] I was in debt. I was a burned out social worker. And then things started changing. Rather quickly, And I

[00:57:21] It does change path. I'm gonna talk about that by 4 because the speed of which you can accelerate this path of creation is based on how connected you are to it. That's why I talk about love now. I talk about love now because once you're locked in, once you feel like you're in alignment, and and I think people might struggle with the word love in that way, like love, you know, loving your business and loving yourself, but it's really about accepting yourself, loving and accepting yourself, knowing that you're good enough to do this, creating the clarity of what it is that you do, who you are, what you do, and what you do forward, The bit that I like is when people struggle with their 3 by 3 is I know they haven't found the truth in their words yet, and also when your 3 by 3 sounds generic, like I wanna yawn instead of get goosebumps, I know you have not found your authentic truth yet. So to me, the connection in this brand, the connection in you building this brand is about you 100% knowing what you want to create in this brand, putting yourself into it and putting yourself in that alignment for it.

[00:58:36] That is the most important part. Okay? Any more questions?

[00:58:41] I'm glad you brought that up because Deborah was asking about how long does this take, so that was perfect. Someone else, this is kind of interesting to me.

[00:58:47] Oh, wait. And when people say how long did it take? I've been teaching business for 15 years. Here's something you need to know. Everyone wants the timeline.

[00:58:58] Everyone wants a timeline. How long did it take you to stop being in debt? How long did it take you to start making $10 a month? How long did it take you? So I created timelines.

[00:59:09] That's all we're doing today is timelines to what we want. Because I don't other than falling in love with the right path and knowing that you're on the right path and choosing a business that actually lights you up, the only thing I'm here to do today is to teach you how to get clarity to create the timeline to exactly what you want. The timeline is incredible. I'll show you how long it took me to make a $1,000,000 in my business. I'll show you how long it took me to make $5,000,000 in my business.

[00:59:38] I'll tell you all of the steps it took me to get there, but here's the thing about this path, it expands and accelerates in direct proportion

[00:59:46] to how connected you are to it, and how much you want to do

[00:59:46] this, how much you can wake up every day stay in alignment with what it is that you want, show up to it every day and create it. Now, if you have a family and you have a lot of children or if you have commitments or if you have a full time job, those things are gonna stop you from being able to create that next step in your life. And all I hear is I can't because the whole point is we're creating a timeline to it. And if you can't create a timeline to it, it's not yours yet. But this is the most important part because this is the you part.

[01:00:29] I did not want to call my business, subrace.com. My first business was called you, y o u. It's all about you as the tagline, because they didn't want it to be about me. But in 2001, 2005, it wasn't about personal brands, literally could not call it surprise, because people would be like, you know, it just wasn't a thing. Personal brands weren't big.

[01:00:58] And, also, I wanted to hide. I didn't wanna be the face of my brand. I was the creator of it. I was even the photographer, but I didn't wanna be the face I photographed beautiful faces, and I put them out there as my brand, and I hid behind the work. And I didn't say I'm the maker of these beautiful things, and I'm the person you book with, And I'm the person you spend time with.

[01:01:23] I just keep hiding behind this beautiful brand. And, inevitably, I got so far out of alignment, but my business keep making money. I'm gonna walk you through these timelines this afternoon The crazy part about that is my business kept making money, but I didn't. I stopped flourishing in my business. My business is making a $1,000,000.

[01:01:44] I'm making $50,000. Too many other people are getting paid. I was just burning with resentment. When I left in 2009 and sold, I went to Australia to become a speaker and educator, a traveling world photographer, and I did exactly what I knew. I got a studio, I moved into it, I started marketing, I started getting clients, and I started to die.

[01:02:08] I was finally subrice. I was subrice portrait, and there I was working in my own studio, finally calling it my name, but for that year, I just was not breaking through. I wasn't connected because there was no clarity. There was no goal. I knew loosely what I wanted, but I didn't know what I wanted.

[01:02:29] I was still firmly in my identity. You know, and then I was like, and then back then, people are like, Hey, not a photographer anymore, and you feel the judgment, right? You're like, well, yeah, I just do other things as well, and they would all be like, so I was always like making myself smaller. And yet my alignment, the reason I left this business was because my soul, the part you have to honor, my creativity, every day, said if you stay here, you were wilt and you will die. And I just didn't want to do it anymore.

[01:03:04] And in hindsight, I didn't want to do it because I didn't want to build all that. I didn't want eight staff that cost me $20,000 a week. Like I have to make that before I even get paid, I don't want to work 15 hours a day, get out of balance with my body. I didn't want to be stressed out, manage people. I wanted to be a paid artist, and I set up the wrong business.

[01:03:28] So I was on the right freeway. I was in the wrong lane. Ultimately, I wanted to franchise, expand, grow, teach photographers how to do what I did. And during that time, it was either going to be franchise, or it was going to be, and I went online education. So right up until that moment, I had, everything in my power not to own my name.

[01:03:50] You have to ask yourself right now, am I owning my name? Am I becoming this personal brand? Can you sell a personal brand? Yes, you can change the name, you can license your name, there's so many ways to do it, but you really need to ask yourself, and how do I become the most connected in alignment personal brand Now if you've created a personal brand, like you're the solopreneur, but it's got a company name, Wildflower photographers, or something, but you're the only one in this business. It's really about you.

[01:04:23] You can keep the name of that business. That's okay. But you need to become the person in the brand, and that includes your brand story, that includes your alignment, that includes what you really want, that includes offering the products that you're actually in alignment with, that includes you finding your truth about this business, what you believe it's worth, who you are, who you're going to help with it, it's about you. That brand is all about you, and once you connect to that, So it was about 2009,

[01:04:56] and that I really got that rock bottom, and then I just had my awakening. And, walking through from my awakening was

[01:04:56] the 1. So if you're feeling right now, Oh, no. I'm out of alignment. You're meant to. I want you to

[01:05:13] feel that. If you feel right now, I don't feel fulfilled in this business.

[01:05:13] That's good. Ignore it right now I need to get where I can get and feel fulfilled fulfilled. When you walk the multiverse, you're going to travel to the result first You're gonna travel to what you want to happen in the multiverse instead of the path to it. The whole point of the multiverse

[01:05:42] is that you watch the path to it, that you light

[01:05:42] up the path to it. I know one truth. If you'd given me this check-in 2001, it's all I wanted. This was my mindset. I even said this out loud, and I don't mind sharing my shame because I bring my shame to the light.

[01:06:05] I'm so talented. I just want someone

[01:06:08] to discover me. I actually said that many times, but what I really meant

[01:06:08] was I'm out of alignment I have no value, I have no connection to what I do, how I do it, and who I do it for, and I just want somebody to

[01:06:28] give me money. And if they did, I'll be

[01:06:28] able to have a business. But I would've done with money, what I was already doing with money, setting fire to it, blowing through it, not valuing it, and not giving you direction. That's why this is a money class, and that's why I wanna teach you how to make it, and then I wanna teach you what to do with it. Because, again, love is a verb. Money is a byproduct of loving what you do, and it's a byproduct of building a business that you actually want for you.

[01:07:01] 3rd time of our questions, I'll actually answer one.

[01:07:06] Someone wanted to know, what is your favorite way to really kind of sharpen the clarity if you're losing your way? Okay. The most obvious one is to

[01:07:15] share it with somebody you trust that can hold space for you around your vision. But the truth is, is no one can hold space for you around your vision. No one can do that. You know, there's a famous quote that says, businesses like chess. You don't talk until you make your final move, which is Checkmate.

[01:07:37] You don't speak until you say Checkmate. And to keep your vision close because it's your vision, But this is what you actually have to understand when it's a vision for something you want, it's only your

[01:07:48] desire to have it. So people don't understand how

[01:07:48] much you desire something or how much you want something until you actually action that, say it out loud. So the secret is when you're becoming something new, is focus on the verb, not the noun. That's what you have to do. Because it's the moment that you start to share your vision when you say things like, I want to become a photographer. Okay.

[01:08:19] And then straight away, it's like, oh, you're gonna get pushback, you're gonna get marinara, you're gonna get exactly other people's limits, But if I said, I've been photographing, and I'm obsessed. I kinda wanna start a business out of it. Does that change the way you respond? So I've been photographing. And I'm getting really good, but I love it, and I kinda love it so much.

[01:08:47] I got a mentor. What would you say to me then? Cause when we verb, we do it. I need you to understand the personal brand is hard for people, putting yourself out there

[01:08:58] is hard because it's your identity. That's it. This whole segment is a lesson on your identity and how comfortable you

[01:09:01] are with who you are, what you want, who you do, what you do, and who you do it for, because that's what you have to put out there is the face value of your brand. So think of it like that. And now you really want to go away with that check and walk that multi verse and really ask yourself, am I on the right path right now, and if you're not change it? Because, yes, I would have done exactly what I was doing with money with that $1,000,000 back then, but here's the one thing I learned back then, because I did that to myself when I started my business. I don't need someone to give me a $1,000,000.

[01:09:47] I know

[01:09:47] how to do it myself. And then I realized

[01:09:54] That's it. I don't need someone to give this to me.

[01:09:56] I know what to do, and I know how to do it. So I just started walking toward

[01:10:00] that. In our 8 pillars for a personal brand, the next segment is product. Because to me, this identity,

[01:10:10] this 3 by 3,

[01:10:11] this ownership is about you owning who you are. And when we now talk about what we create and what we value ourselves and what we pay, I need you to understand where this brand is going so that you can get clarity from And then that's clarity. Clarity is truth. It's when it kind of makes you tremble a little bit. It's when you feel it in your goosebumps.

[01:10:41] Clarity is so powerful. Or, well, authenticity is so powerful, as I said before, that when somebody speaks authentically, I get goosebumps. Now if I get goosebumps from your truth, shouldn't your marketing be

[01:10:53] your truth? Shouldn't your brand be your truth? Shouldn't everything you say be

[01:10:53] so true in so authentic, you can't help but feel it.

[01:11:05] That's what's missing in your brand right now. You know? That is what is missing. Another question.

[01:11:15] What if you feel very fulfilled, but the money's still not

[01:11:18] coming in? Okay. So that tells me somebody else patient mortgage.

[01:11:19] Oh, that? Love you.

[01:11:31] Lucky you. Why do we create?

[01:11:32] We create because it fulfills us creation, energy is fulfillment, creating anything is fulfilling, creating a business is fulfilling,

[01:11:46] It's actually incredible if it wasn't so terrifying. I want you to be fulfilled and abundant in what you do. Now if you say I am fulfilled, but the money's still not coming, then you're certainly not fulfilled and you're not abundant, you might be fulfilled in your personal life, and that's wonderful, but we're here to build your brand life and your business life. So I hit money pretty hard today. Don't you worry about that?

[01:12:12] I think that that's a really, really important one. So more questions. Someone had a are there any questions in here?

[01:12:21] I just wanna make sure we give that time.

[01:12:23] Alright.

[01:12:23] Okay. Another one is, how do you change the view of your work? Or your product. Someone says, it's amazing. The clients love it, but you still don't believe it.

[01:12:33] Okay. So that means you don't like it. And that's what I said. Do you love your brand? Do you love yourself?

[01:12:39] And do you love your product? We're gonna spend the next hour and quarter talking about product, and you being connected to it, how and why you're gonna do that. But the truth is, is when you here's the bottom line and you're gonna hear this a lot of the next 2 days. If something's not selling, it's not connected to you. If something's not selling, it's not connected to them.

[01:13:01] If something's not selling, it's not connected to you. It's that simple. So how can you sell something that you don't value? I just don't value it. No?

[01:13:08] You just value you when I'm gonna prove it. I'm gonna prove it. I've got a crazy afternoon plan for you. We're about to talk about products, and then we're about to blow the lid off our money in everything we believe we're worth. And then this afternoon, we're gonna start talking about timelines that we wanna create to get what we want.

[01:13:31] This is the most fun for me is watching people do this. So much of falling in love with your business and falling in love with yourself is about asking for more. Cause all I have to do is show you that in order to ask for more, you have to believe you're worth more. And that we stand up as these

[01:13:53] business owners and we build these brands hoping people will like us and think we're good enough

[01:13:53] instead of magnetizing people to us because we have such an incredible energy, and the energy we feel is fulfillment. You know, if the person that asked that question, what if I just don't like it, is your goal is to connect to the product, and connect to why you don't think it's valuable, and I already have a plan to get you to connect to it. So let's roll into product. Are there any more questions I need to answer? I feel weird going on a break, so quick.

[01:14:27] It's only been an hour and a quarter, but I want to break this up. Because I had so much information to dump on you in the next 2 days, that I kinda have to, like, just take these hour and a quarters and just go for it. But is there anything else

[01:14:42] I can

[01:14:42] do for you? There are a couple of

[01:14:42] people asking in various ways. What what if I don't have the money to market to do the things to get started? And I'm stuck there because I don't have the money so I can't do it, this loop.

[01:14:54] Okay. So the most powerful marketing you can do is connection. And you can't connect to your business or your brand when you haven't got any money because that instantly going to block your alignment, you're gonna really enjoy this afternoon after lunch. We hit money at, 1:1:30.

[01:15:16] Take a quick break. I just wanna remind everyone to really think big about what you can achieve. I was there. I was in debt in a career I hated. Think big.

[01:15:27] You owe that to your side.

[01:15:28] My gosh, Nikki. You used to count down the days to your next school holidays. I remember you starting a term and going,

[01:15:36] there's, 118 days. And I go, for what? And you go the next holiday.

[01:15:36] And I was like, You can't live like that. Yeah. Yeah. You must you can't live like that.

[01:15:49] Yeah.

[01:15:49] It's like, why would you hate something? You know, hate is the most powerful, powerful energy. It's actually contempt Contempt. You have contempt for something that pays you. I'm sorry.

[01:16:05] If you have contempt for your body, you have contempt

[01:16:05] for the the vessel you live in.

[01:16:15] Try getting respect for it instead of contempt. If you hate your life, you need some boundaries. You need to start doing what you truly want, but hating something will block you faster than anything else that's contempt and that's resentment. And the best thing about resentment and bitterness is you want somebody else to make this better for you. Nobody's coming to save your business.

[01:16:42] Other than me, and I can't save your business. I can only try and save you. So you have to understand that this connection will bring money. As soon as you start to feel the value, the money will show up, and then you will be able to afford the marketing. But also, I don't pay a lot of money in marketing.

[01:17:06] I pay a lot less than you think because the energy is palpable on and have also got a really good marketing segment, tomorrow afternoon.

[01:17:16] Just remember that This does not have to take a long time to make really big life changes. And over the next 8 weeks of coaching with Sue, if you own this course, you get that 8 weeks of coaching. And I promise you so much can happen in 8 weeks. It's it really is incredible. So if you don't have this course, make sure to get it so that you can, 1, watch it again, 2 have all the downloads, and 3, participate in the 8 weeks.

[01:17:40] Of live coaching with Sue.

[01:17:42] So we're live and free for 2 days. Share the love, share me with anybody that you think needs to hear this. If you like what you're hearing today and tomorrow, join me for the next 8 weeks. That's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna be live every week for 8 weeks, and I'm gonna have an in person audience.

[01:17:58] And, you know, I just told them, I have ten people sitting here, 10 business owners sitting here looking at me today, and it's so incredible to be able to watch and feel people in real life. It's hard connecting with an audience online. I know you're there, and I can see the chat. But having these people here is such a game changer, So consider making a journey to Scottsdale. And if you wanna come and hang with us for a live broadcast, this is what it's all about.

[01:18:25] As we unfold all of these pillars for you, we're gonna come back with product, take a 15 minute break, and we'll see you real soon.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 1 ====