==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 6 ====

Segment 6 - Clarity and Direction

[00:00:00] To finish talking about discipline because it's one of my favorite things to talk about. So discipline, why do we fail? Okay. Why do we fail? So people often say, and after 15 years of coaching, I hear the same thing.

[00:00:17] It's the economy. And I go, yeah, it is. There is a downturn in the economy, and when you have an emergency fund, you're fine. So I know that when the businesses I coach or in my group start squawking, I know it's because the economy has shifted and can I have that slide up or is that slide going out? It's just not in the room.

[00:00:41] And the economy has actually shifted, and it does, and it ebbs and flows all of the time. And as a business owner, your goal is to constantly be in that ebb and flow. So when you have an emergency fund, the slow months don't matter. Most small businesses don't make a lot of money in August because it's at the end of summer, and everyone's been traveling and spending money. Most businesses don't make money in January because people have been through Christmas, and they're getting reconnected to the yearly goals.

[00:01:09] But there's a date in January where people go from not spending money from Christmas to buying everything that's going to set them up for that year in their business, in their life, at their gym, for their body because the new year's resolutions start popping out, So there is an ebb and flow to small business constantly, and you do have to discipline yourself to create an emergency fund so that you're safe. Now, when the economy goes down, the people that start squawking, they make it sound like it's happening to them. This is not my fault. This is the economy. This is not my fault.

[00:01:44] This is surprise's fault. This is not my fault. This is blah blah blah, but the truth is is the people who have the emergency fund and the people that shift their mindset out of fear carry on

[00:01:53] making money even in

[00:01:54] a downturn. So there is fear of criticism. We fail because we're gonna rejected, you could never film a reel of your for your business and fail because you never put yourself out there because you were afraid that somebody would reject you, but rejection comes from your old stories of rejection. So in order for there to be old stories of rejection, you need to understand that this is not rejection. If people don't see the value in you yet, it's because you haven't communicated or connected your value to them yet, And so they're simply saying, this is not what I value, they're not rejecting you, you are not being put out, you are simply hearing the words no, and this is where we have to get over our ego.

[00:02:39] We fail because we cannot ask for money, and we don't manage the money. We do ask for, and that's why I want you to do the money coaching. We fail when self doubt and comparison keep us stuck in a loop in our head because just like that, why is other people doing this and why are other people doing that? That's comparison. And you're comparing it to inflate your own ego.

[00:03:02] If you're worried about what other people are doing, you need to acknowledge you're stuck in your ego, and I would rather you say I'm stuck in my ego in comparison. I compare myself constantly to other people because clearly I need to do some work there, but you don't. You blame the other person, and that's why when I hear people gossiping and I hear people venting, I know they're practicing the problem, and I know they're not trying to break out of it, They want to stay in the problem so they can avoid what they have to work on. Why do we fail? We fail when we lose focus for what we want.

[00:03:39] We fail when we get out of alignment with the focus of what we want. Your goal is to wake up every day and reenergize the focus to what you want, not fall off, and, yeah, I can't because the second you can't because you are 100% out of your focus and out of your alignment Now if you're waking up and you don't have focus because there's just nothing there. There's no fulfillment? I don't feel connection. This is someone else's dream, man.

[00:04:16] If there's no connection and feeling, somebody else told you to do this, and you went, okay. Now you're trying to be successful at it. Reconnect to what you want and change your path. Why do we fail? We fail when other people need me.

[00:04:33] Other people need me. There's not enough time for me. I can't create. I don't even have time to be creative don't even have time to create a business. I mean, what between children and schools, and these people need me, and these people need me, and this charity needs me, and I can't prioritize myself.

[00:04:51] Call it what it is. Yes. All these people need you because you simply give away too much of yourself. You don't keep anything for yourself and you can't prioritize yourself. And when you can't prioritize yourself, you're not the priority So don't tell me you're wondering why you have no discipline when you have no priority in your life to create what you want.

[00:05:13] Why do we fail? We fail when we have no self value because we just believe in ourselves because we're not good enough and we live with shame and we attract shame, and that's why you struggle in a small business and watch other people skyrocket. And if I think about overcoming each one of those things, I did blame the economy. I also blamed other people who were charging much less than me. I also bla judged other people that were charging more than me that wasn't as good as me.

[00:05:43] I had a huge fear of rejection but I got rejected, and I survived, and I got rejected again, and I survived, and it turns out you can be afraid of rejection for as long as you want, it will keep happening to you if you feel like it's rejection. I couldn't ask for money, so I learned that at first I had cotton mouth I would go to say that's $300, or that's $400, or I would go to say, Angela, you owe me fifty bucks, and I couldn't, I couldn't say I couldn't ask for something so simple that you owed me, and then I remembered my dad my dad couldn't ask for money, and I said, I will never ever, ever not ask for what I'm worth in equal exchange, and I made sure my focus was fully connected.

[00:06:25] I got stuck in my ego

[00:06:26] in comparison many times, I don't anymore. And if I do, I flag it straight away and go, oh, there was some ego there. And then I tell one of my friends about it so I can bring that energy to the light, and I go, oh my god, that triggered me. And Nikki will go, triggered you. And I go, yeah, fled my ego big time.

[00:06:48] Like I instantly went, and then I went, oh, that's how I'm processing. But if I stay in it, then it's definitely not gonna be And then I'm gonna be like, ugh, and then I'm in this loop, and then I'm chewing through it, right? Because the the cool thing about being stuck in a loop is it looks like this. It's all inside you. Nobody's doing anything to you in the moment.

[00:07:17] You keep thinking the same story over and over again and believing it instead of creating the path to it. You know, old programming is where we get this this idea of discipline from. Now I grew up with very hardworking parents, very hardworking blue collar parents. Guess what they said to me, you don't finish anything. And I heard you have no discipline.

[00:07:43] My dad said, you don't finish anything. You gotta finish something. You gotta stay with it. You gotta finish it, and I never wanted to finish anything. And I was like, but so I felt like I had no discipline, and I felt like I was a failure.

[00:07:57] And every time my father and mother said that to me, you don't finish anything. Turns out I'm a creator, my profile, and wealth dynamic, sits at the top. My my path to wealth is to create and sell. I'm not meant to finish anything. I'm not built to finish anything.

[00:08:15] I am built to live in a creator zone. All the people who are builders, accumulators, all the landlords, the deal makers, all of the supporters, the stars, all of these people, the mechanics, they're all around me to build the structure and system around my greatest power, which is to create. When I said that to my parents, I was like, I'm not meant to to finish anything I meant to create and sell and create it and sell it and share my work, you know, check where this idea come from that you have no control. That you have no discipline, that you're not good enough to do this. It'll be just like money.

[00:08:54] It'll come from mum and dad. Read that. Read it from your soul. If you have to discipline yourself to do it, you don't want it. I don't believe in discipline.

[00:09:18] I just don't. I don't believe I have to force myself to do anything. Discipline is rules. It's discipline yourself, and mostly we use the word discipline when we're not disciplined. So it's just a constant reminder that you don't measure up, that you're not good enough, that you're not disciplined enough, that you're not perfect.

[00:09:40] It is not true to do the thing you love, you need boundaries and balance That's the goal, not discipline. Why? Read it. Discipline yourself to maintain the boundaries that you've set for you. Discipline yourself to make time to create, discipline yourself to book VIP VIP time for yourself care, discipline yourself to say no when you want to, discipline yourself, to prioritize yourself, discipline yourself, to wake up every day and reconnect to what you really want, discipline yourself, to find that thing that connects you above all things that lights you up more than anything else, discipline yourself, to find a way to connect it and sell it in value to make an income from discipline yourself, to save an emergency fund, to protect you in low turned economy, discipline yourself, to start focusing, oh, stop focusing on what you don't want, discipline yourself to focus on what you want every single day, and it will come to you.

[00:10:51] That's what I believe about discipline, and I'm an achiever. I'm somebody who makes a goal and runs at it, and I try and fill it with as much power and joy and confidence and energy and alignment as I can, but that's how I discipline myself. And when I feel like I don't have time to create, I know I'm not setting boundaries around me. And I when I feel like any of those are being taken away from me, I know I'm not doing that for myself. It's not discipline, and it's also not failure.

[00:11:28] It's just a choice every day you're given a choice. You know, we put ourselves through absolute hell over eating. If I discipline myself not to eat cake, even though I want cake, I enjoyed the cake, We I will still have a battle with the discipline over the cake, but when you think about it, when you remove the judgment from it, the emotion from it, just like money, it's a choice. Cake hurts my body, I have arthritis, but I have free will, so I can choose to enjoy this cake in that moment knowing it'll hurt tomorrow, that's my choice, but I'm not going to sit there going, you made the wrong choice, you, and I'm not gonna not give myself what I want. Everything in my life is a choice for me, my brand, my income, my voice, my face, my rules, my time, my energy, my value.

[00:12:27] Thank you very much. It's not discipline, it's not failure. If you don't sell something, that's not failure, you haven't connected it yet. It's not connected to you, it's priced wrong, it's not connected to the people, you haven't connected it in the marketing, you're going to grow it, you're gonna share it, you're gonna develop it, you're gonna work on it until it is connected, and everybody, that's called developing a product. That's not failing.

[00:12:52] So what is this failure that we're always talking about not failure, just lessons,

[00:12:57] just choice. It's that simple. When you don't want

[00:12:57] to do something anymore, stopping it feels like failure, And you are all wrestling with something that you have to go home and tell a friend, or a family member, or a partner, that you don't wanna do anymore, because I've told you to set this boundary, and you're afraid to tell this person that you want don't wanna do this thing anymore. That's how much of a people pleasing you are

[00:13:29] because you have relied on other people to help build

[00:13:29] this, and now you feel like you're going to let those people down. That's not living your truth. If I say I don't want to be a photographer anymore, and the world cries about it, I don't want to be a photographer anymore. I don't care if you want me to be a photographer, that's not what lights me up. Now, if I go back to it just because you all tell me it lights you up, it doesn't.

[00:13:56] It doesn't light me up, and it won't work, and it will never be successful, and it will never flow because the energy has gone from this space, and we need to bring our energy and focus to the new path, to this new space, to this new timeline that we're creating, and you can start creating in that space instantaneous instantaneously. It does not have to take time. So always check-in with who wanted this for you. When you don't want to do something anymore, ask yourself, who wanted this for me? Who wanted this for me, even though I did not, who wanted this for me, and you will get the answer?

[00:14:35] So, you know, you just can't live somebody else's dreams. It's not your truth. You know when it's the truth, it vibrates as the truth you feel it. Okay. I'm about to put this smack down on people places.

[00:14:56] And I want you to understand something

[00:14:57] to all the people pleases out there, I was

[00:14:57] your queen. I am still an overgiver, but I have managed I have learned the difference between giving and people pleasing. Giving feels good. People pleasing feels like resentment, but I need you to hear this if you're in a people pleasing place right now. People pleases are bullied, and they feel used all of the time.

[00:15:28] In fact, people pleases feel instant resentment when they have not said no to something, and they've said yes. And the best part is imagine the person that you've been pleasing thinking

[00:15:42] genuinely, this person genuinely thinks this is the path you wanted, and this is what you wanted. They genuinely believe that, and

[00:15:42] now you're telling them it's not. That makes you a liar. So that person has not done anything wrong. They thought they were helping you. They thought they were supporting you, and you came in and was like, this is not even what I want.

[00:16:11] This is what you want for me, and they're like, excuse me? People pleases get themselves in trouble. Now I realized I could either constantly live in this massive

[00:16:24] resentment lying about my boundaries, lying about who I am and what I want, or I can start speaking up for myself, but in business, you must learn how to speak up

[00:16:25] for yourself. Because your authenticity is truth, and all we're trying to get to is your truth, what you authentically want, and that's why you cannot really explode this business until you connect that authentic path to you, Creating is about shifting your focus and your thoughts every single day, and then processing the thoughts and the emotion around it. So every day I want you to wake up and say, this is what I want, what am I focused on, and how do I feel about it? When you look at your money, you say, what am I focused on right now? And how do I feel about it?

[00:17:09] When you look at your relationship, you say, what part of our relationship am I focused on right now? And how do I feel about it? And then once you realize that you're going to focus on something, and then you're simply gonna ask a question, what does this feel like? Now, if you go somewhere and you feel rage, you need to do a deal with this. If you go somewhere you feel envy, you need to write a list if you go there and you feel comparison, ego, you're stuck, stuck in your own mind.

[00:17:35] So just ask yourself how you feel about everything because it's your feeling place that is attracting, and always come back to, I want this. I see this. I speak this. I love this. I do this.

[00:17:48] I feel this. I receive this. That's all you have to do is keep coming back to the cycle of creation. If I want something, I hold the vision in my mind, and I start to activate it. I know what I want.

[00:18:00] I see it clearly. I see a vision for it. I create a timeline to it. I connect to it with my heart. I activate what I want, and then I take action because every time I do it, I form my identity.

[00:18:11] If you keep coming back to action, it will it will keep your momentum because

[00:18:15] it's so easy to get stuck

[00:18:16] in your own brain.

[00:18:16] You know,

[00:18:16] I said make products for you in segment 2, because if you make something for you and you love it, share it, and enjoy it, and it solves a problem, and it makes somebody's life better, it makes your life better. People will ask for it. Try making a business for you. I created the business I wanted, regardless of what people told me, and everybody will tell you something different. That won't work because you can't do that because, well, if I just keep listening to those voices, I wouldn't have created what I wanted.

[00:18:52] There were entire genres in my career that I did not want to create a business around that people told me I wouldn't be able to have a successful business without adding those genres. But remember, I said if I'm if I'm down to nothing, and I'm just creating something that people might want, then clearly, clearly, I'll either win

[00:19:14] at this, or I will still be at nothing, but

[00:19:14] I haven't lost anything to just try. And then suddenly, I realized I created workshops that I want to go to. I created content and workshops

[00:19:28] that would have moved my needle

[00:19:28] 15, 20 years ago, and then I created an experience for my clients that I wanted to have, not just I wanted to have in that position, like I wanted to be in their position to have that actual experience, but I also created an experience that I wanted to contribute to every day that was so fulfilling to me until it wasn't. And when it wasn't, I listened to my soul's calling, and I stepped up for the next increment of my career. You know, if you're a photographer, I would tell you to make art with this new camera. You know, people buy a camera, it's like they show you for the first time, and it doesn't matter if it's a little jitter. It's your camera, you know, like, You're like, Oh, the magic.

[00:20:17] Make the magic. Oh, if I said to you go and make art with your camera, you will find your mastery. In fact, you might walk around every weekend craving to leave your la your day job just to create some magic with this beautiful camera. But if I asked you to make a portrait and sell it to somebody, everyone's just like, paralyzed. Different energy, right?

[00:20:43] So if if I found out that you love to journal and you're really good at writing and you start to journal, then surely you would publish a memoir, or something cool. Surely as a writer, you're connecting to this writing, this story, and being that autobiography's memoirs, at the top of the food chain for, non fiction content, then I would assume naturally writing would mean that you would produce, but if I asked you to write in cellar memoir, you would say who am I? Who am I to write in cellar memoir? Don't you see? If you write, write, if you paint, paint, if you sing, sing, if you play, play, if you speak, speak, but you gotta do it.

[00:21:33] Every day until somebody pays you for it. You gotta show up to that every day and do the thing. Do that thing. Because that's it. And and we get so stuck in like the memoir, who would buy my memoir?

[00:21:50] And I'm like, oh, you should just joyfully write it first, and then you'd be surprised what comes up. We're already at the result deciding if we're good enough, you're overthinking all of it. But I don't believe you're overthinking the creativity. I think you're overthinking the, like, selling of it. You're overthinking the putting yourself out there, you're overthinking the buying of it, and you're not even connected to the process yet, you're just trying to form a vision of, oh, what would I do if I wrote a memoir?

[00:22:21] But if I said to you, get up every day and write. I think it was Dave Grohl from Thuy's, and he was like, if you played, you would play, you would pass because if your dream was to play, you would play every day on the street, and people might tell you to shut up or go away, but you're gonna get good enough on that street that people will stop. They'll start to notice And if the local cafe says come and play for free, go and play for free and play because you're playing and you're getting better as you play, and every day you play, people see you playing. And as you get better, people are like, he's good. She's good.

[00:22:59] Keep playing, but if you're not playing, if you're like somebody just should discover me, I'm really good, you're not doing it and you're not creating it, you've got to you've got to step into that doing, you know, and that's why being connected is the best you know, the biggest lesson that you will learn in business is how to be a giver, but really it's about teaching you how to receive an equal exchange of giving, because most of us are overgiving, and giving instantly creates resentment the worst overgivers on the planet are women. It's a fact I don't care if people feel divided about that. I've seen it. It's mommy syndrome, and she's the last on the shopping list, and everybody's needs get met first, and then women somehow translate that into business. But that's not the same.

[00:23:50] What you give your babies, and what you give these people is a different thing. And if and burnout means you're not asking for equal exchange because everyone that's burning out is not getting paid enough, they're getting and they're working too hard, and there's not enough margin for them, and they're never asking for equal exchange, and they're out of balance. So this is one of the biggest things you'll learn once you've built those first big pillars, and you start working to walking towards what you want, you're going to start realizing that you need to speak up for your equal exchange. So when we start out, it's all about validation, and it's all about needing money, and it's all about needing being seen, you know, and we need praise for some reason. We need to be told we're good boys and girls, because we're like little children inside, just trying to get mom and dad's attention and money.

[00:24:44] Yep. We need support, and we need positive feedback, and all of it sort of equates to you, putting it out there, looking for all of that. But the power of giving is, it doesn't matter what I require from you in terms of attention, or acknowledgement, or validation, I know what I can give, and I know what's valuable, So I put my giving first, and then I follow it up with boundaries and equal exchange. Okay? You know, I feel like and please tell me because I don't know until you connect with this content, but over the next 4 weeks, which 1 of 8 weeks of coaching, which one of these areas makes you want to, makes you want to pick it first?

[00:25:34] Money? Is it money? And tell me out there if you'd like more money coaching in the 8 weeks coaching because I figured people are either going to come to the connection of their brand and their self value, their personal self value that they might want to work on their own self, their body image, their self confidence, because all of those things will stop you from putting yourself out there, and once you've realized that you can uniquely be whoever you want to be in that space, you will connect to the truth of who you are. Do you feel like you need to work on your brand identity which means I'm I don't want you to reinvent the wheel, but then maybe you kinda do. You don't need to reinvent the wheel, but do you need to start from scratch around your brand if you wanna just reconnect, do the do the mind work?

[00:26:24] Reconnect to it, or is it about selling, or is it about creating more products? Is it about creating products that are connected to you and products that have value and connection? I would think it was all 4. And so there will be people that are, like, specifically wanna work on their money tracks, but can you tell me if there's more than that? Because when I break it down, those are the four paths that I see forward, and I know that each one of them at different times in your business will enrich that path significantly, but I know that most people want to go to money.

[00:27:03] Now, so let's talk about direction, because I said give your money direction, and like I always say setting it a goal. So I want you to pick something, and maybe it's one of those 4, maybe it's something in one of those 4, but I need you to pick something right now. Let's give our money some direction. So maybe you wanna put, your Thrive number. That's a big ask, and you haven't even started to work out what you really want yet, but if you know that, if you've done that with me before, you might wanna put your Thrive as a goal.

[00:27:37] Alright? Maybe it's a new commercial space or letting go of a commercial space. Maybe it's, rise in income. Maybe it's, say, price rise in your business. You're putting your products up.

[00:27:50] Whatever it is, small goal, big goal, I don't really care. Write down something you really want. One thing, let's just talk about this one thing right now. And being that it's the first thing you wrote down, I'm assuming this is what you need the most right now in your business, or it is foremost what you want to pick first to, like, go after in your business. Okay.

[00:28:11] Have a look at that thing written there, and I want you to ask yourself these questions. Like, why do I want it? Can you tell me why? And it could say it will alleviate money, it will make my life better. Just be honest, why do you want it?

[00:28:32] And then secondly, be specific. Can you see yourself walking towards this? Is there a path to it? Seriously? Can you see the path to the you've already written it at the top?

[00:28:45] Okay. So can you see a path to it? Can you see it? Or are you sitting there thinking one day, nope, can you see it? I can see this.

[00:28:53] I can see the congruent steps to it. I can see I could have this thing within a year. Can you see it? Yep. Do you think you can start to speak it out?

[00:29:04] I want you to write it down, speak it out. Where we speak is our power, it's our expression, it's our creativity, and a lot of health problems happened to people around this area because they speak. They can't speak up when people owe them money, they can't set boundaries and speak for themselves, they can't say to people, you shouldn't speak to me like that. Once you come down, I'm gonna come back and we're gonna have a better conversation, They can't confront an issue. They can't talk about an a difficult conversation because it all gets stuck here, like I'm not valuable enough to speak for myself, but that also means you can't market yourself, you can't speak about your business, you can't connect with love because you're too busy worrying about what you're saying.

[00:29:48] If you can't speak it out, then you're just thinking about it a lot. Cause these top 2, I think, in forming a vision and if you can't say it out loud, if you're still stuck in your head, you're gonna be stuck up here and you're not gonna move in anything. The ability to speak it out, the ability to start talking about it is because you're connected to it. And that's when you feel it here. Now, though, that's alignment.

[00:30:14] Okay? I know what I want. I have the vision for it. I'm speaking my truth, and I'm in alignment. My heart knows what it wants.

[00:30:20] That's alignment right now. Now you just gotta start walking. But I want you to specifically ask about that one thing, because when I was saying it before, you were writing the steps, right? But now that you can see the goal, I'm now writing the steps to that thing. Got it?

[00:30:35] Okay. You love it. Is it connected to you? Is that thing connected to you right now? If it's not change it, add to it, delete it, add something else?

[00:30:44] If this one, if you can't feel this in your heart, and I don't care what anybody says, You can woo woo this as much as you want a woo woo. This is how I woo woo 1,000,000 of dollars. So get into the woo woo. If you can want to see it, speak it, and feel it, Love it. Love it.

[00:31:03] That's heart activation. That's magnetic energy. Okay. And then all of a sudden, of course, I'm doing it because I'm talking about it. I'm thinking about it.

[00:31:12] It's out of every pore of my bee I'm sharing it. I'm saying it. I definitely love it. I know it's mine. So of course, I'm doing it.

[00:31:21] I'm embodying it. Oh, that sounds like manifestation. Now every day, you wake up and you do it fill it and receive it, and that's the thing you have to do. The top ones, you set in stone. I know what I want.

[00:31:34] Yep. I can see it. I'm speaking it out. I'm connected to it. I'm walking this path.

[00:31:38] Every single day, I'm walking this path. I reconnect to that. Every day I feel that. And you know what? I feel that we're talking about this thing up here that you really want, right?

[00:31:49] Can you see it? Can you feel it? Look at it. I want you to look at it on the paper. Look at what you wrote.

[00:31:55] Can you see it? If you can create a timeline to it, it's yours. Look at it. Stay looking at it. Can you see it?

[00:32:00] Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Say it's mine. It's yours. It's yours, right?

[00:32:06] Now focus on it every single day, and that's how you activate it. Now, the phrase I want in manifestation is a holding pattern. As soon as you say, I want wealth, you're affirming that you don't have it. And that's why in the law of manifestation, everyone says it doesn't work I call bullshit on that, because when I want something, I do want it. And when I call to it, I don't have it.

[00:32:33] I do want it. The difference is once I say I want something, I activate the timeline to it. Then instead of saying I still want it, I say I now create it. That's why I create stuff and other people don't. And when people say I want stops your manifestation, I say, no, it doesn't.

[00:32:53] But how? Stops your manifestation, but how will stop everything that you've just said that you want. So as soon as you say, but how is that coming to me? You've affirmed that you cannot see the path to it. So that's why people say I want in manifestation.

[00:33:10] It's incorrect. When you want something, connect to it, ask for it, create the vision for it, see it if you keep wanting it and you haven't activated the path to it, that's tuning. Uning hardens the heart. Literally, metaphysically, it's cholesterol, tuning for something you want. Hardens your heart And if you can't connect to this thing you want, it becomes tuning, and wanting is tuning.

[00:33:42] So as soon as you get the vision, have the faith lock it in, know it's coming to you, have the faith that you reconnect to it every day that it's yours, and you don't have to say but how, and you don't have to send it back. You just gotta have clarity and full connection. You know, creation, creation energy, it's better than manifestation, because it has a sense of it's coming from me because creation is ultimately your thought being created, it's the profound act of bringing your ideas and desires to existence. It's the process that, like, transforms, like, just abstract thoughts into tangible things And it's so easy in this business to get stuck in what's happening to you instead of the power of actually you're the one creating all of this path. And when you're in that alignment, you have so much clarity and you know what you want, and you can activate heart energy around it.

[00:34:48] That's creation energy, manifestation is the art of turning intentions into reality through the power of thought, belief, and aligned action. Manifestation is the art of turning intentions into reality through the power of your thoughts, your beliefs, and your aligned action. It's a process that enables you to attract, and and, you know, you can just focus on something you want and start creating it in your world, and you will wonder how you ever lived in survival, you will wonder how you ever lived in a mentality that was lacking when you start to ask for more, the instant thing that came to me was a sadness that somebody hadn't taught me that I was that I was worthy of asking for this. I felt sad that my parents hadn't taught me this. I felt sad that the whole time I could change it.

[00:35:53] And I and I just didn't realize until I did it, and then I was like, ah, multiverse this Go to the multiverse now. You have a whole different perspective because now you're up the mountain, you're coming

[00:36:08] around the mountain,

[00:36:08] same view as last time, but, oh, we're at a different altitude now. My brain's different. My thoughts about me are different. My my direction is different. My connection is different.

[00:36:20] My goals are different. But when I sit in the multiverse, those are the questions I ask. I don't care about anything else. There's not wealth or fame, there is only what do I want. And can I see it clearly?

[00:36:33] Can I see the path to it? There is no Lamborghinis or multiverse. It that's what I want to do with the money. That's what I will do with my money, but in the multiverse, I'm like, can I speak it? Can I see it?

[00:36:46] Can I feel it? Yes, I can. I'm looking for the path that illuminates. And the path that illuminates to me is the one that I'm most in alignment with, and until you feel that, Go to the multiverse constantly, any decision you make, anything you create, any product you create, go to the multiverse, and walk through it. So when you create this vision, you've already created the number at the top of what you want or, I said number.

[00:37:15] I'm assuming it was money. It's not true. Some people made a bus for stuff that's not money. Are there any questions around that before I just barrel into the next 23 thoughts? So

[00:37:27] if you have a small email list, if you're working towards creating digital products and new offers should your goal be money in sales? Like, if you're just kind of in that beginning stage.

[00:37:37] So you don't make, like, sale sales are not about money. Mhmm. Money is a by product, so don't make anything about money. Money is a by product of what? Money is a by product of connection and alignment.

[00:37:51] So just get into connection alignment with the product, and set goals for the numbers. And and visualize people sharing that and enjoying that. Mhmm.

[00:38:03] One more thing. A couple people wanna understand more about the multiverse. Like, when you say go to the multiverse, what do you like, explain that a little bit.

[00:38:11] Yeah. Let's talk about the multiverse. Alright. Anything that I wanna create in my mind is a path to something. If the goal is here, I wanna create a timeline to it.

[00:38:21] And through that timeline, there might be multiple different segues that are gonna get me there. But all they know is that if I want to be here and I tell everybody that I want to be here, everybody poo poos me and tells me their limits. And I'm like, okay, I get it. I'm here, and I want to be here. But the problem is is you're telling me all the reasons I can't get there.

[00:38:46] So in the multiverse, there is no competition. There is only whatever path you choose to imagine for yourself. In your mind, it's imaginary. You're just walking a day dream. The cool thing about the day dream is I'll take this step, and that will happen.

[00:39:05] And you know what? That doesn't feel right, so I might try this. And you were sliding doors. Just like that, a whole different path forms, because you made one choice here that didn't have anybody's limits in it simply came down to what felt good for you. So you're just in your mind going, do I want to walk that path?

[00:39:25] Imagine it. Do I want to sell those products? What would happen if I got rejected? Oh, I guess nothing I would just keep going. What would I do if I became very successful on this path?

[00:39:36] Oh, I'd probably get lots of attention. I wouldn't be able to walk this path anymore. And all of a sudden, your path changes in the multiverse, this is a place of creation. It's a place for you to form a vision of what you want, and you start to realize that this place is is more than just a daydream. You start to realize that in holding the vision for something that is joyful and lighting you up, will activate instantly action around it, because when you hold that vision for what you want, you're in alignment.

[00:40:10] And when you're in alignment, you're not pushing anything away. You're not rappelling. You are actually creating this magic around you, and that's why it's called focus focus. Because it is magic. The vision is clarity and heart connection, but once you get to action and you're doing it, that's when the magic starts because that's when the identity is formed, and once your identity is formed, you know who you are and what you want.

[00:40:34] Remember, I want you to keep I want you to keep telling yourself this one thing, the identity is formed in the doing of it, So when I feel connected enough and in the right alignment, I'm gonna start walking towards it, because that's the walking the walk, because the vision is just the talking the talk. Actually, it's just thinking the think. Isn't it? Because the speaking of it is the talking, the talk, and still you're not in alignment until you're walking the walk until your heart is activated and you know what you want, and that kind of clarity is just so magical. So just always hold that I want you to understand that when you create anything as a goal for your business, you are the law of no more and no less.

[00:41:20] And if you are not specific with exactly what you want in the timeline and how it's coming to you, it won't come to you, I want you to have a look and say, I want financial freedom. Cool. What does that mean? Financially free for you might be $20,000 financially free for me might be 10,000,000. But we need to know so that I don't want you to say I want financial freedom.

[00:41:44] I don't want you to say I want you to be rich. You are rich. If you can breathe oxygen, if you can walk without chronic pain, if you have money in the ashtray in your car, coins, and if you have, I think, $30 in the bank, you are richer than 91% of the world. You're rich if you can smile when you look at your partner, you're rich when you wake up in your little home and feel like you're home and safe, and you are rich when you can look at your babies and love them and shelter them, safely and feed them, that's richness, that's rich. Being rich is waking up and loving what you do, being rich is empowering others with your richness, with your fullness, It is about giving back in every sense of the world.

[00:42:41] It's about elevating people and teaching them how to be rich, being rich as a verb. It is not something you aspire to be. It's not something you ask for. It's the way you live in order to manifest anything. You have to embody it.

[00:42:56] You have to declare it. You have to demonstrate it. Those those things bring it to you, so you gotta be rich. Be a rich person. You know, there's a lot of bad rich people in this world.

[00:43:09] It's not good or bad. Good or bad is not the metric. Worthy or not worthy is the metric, and you're the only one that decides whether you're worthy enough to ask for the things you want and then step up and activate them. But to ask for financial freedom riches, to be pain free, these are wishes. They're not that's not manifestation.

[00:43:30] That's not a goal. Those are just generalized wishing, and until you are specific about what those things are to you, you won't get them. If you say I want to be loved, if you say I want to be seen, if you say I want to be respected, Oh, no. No. No.

[00:43:51] If there is something emotional on your I want list, that's from you. Nobody loves you until you love you. And then they love you in direct proportion to how much you love you. That's it, period, end of story. Nobody respects you until you respect you, and when you act with respect, you teach other people how to respect you.

[00:44:18] Why do we think other people give us respect and love? If whatever you're most craving from your partner, give it to yourself, If your partner doesn't see you, you don't see you. If your partner doesn't respect you, you don't respect yourself. Your partner does not love you, you don't love you. Stop looking at somebody else to give you the one thing that you need more than anything, and that's your greatest emotional need, but don't you dare put love, respect, or anything like that on a manifestation list?

[00:44:48] You are not to manifest love. You are love. The best way to attract love is write a list of everything you want from a partner and become everything on the list. Then you will attract somebody equal to you. It's just crazy to me that we would want to be loved, seen, heard, if you want to be important, make yourself feel important.

[00:45:13] Trust me, being a business owner doesn't make you feel important, makes you feel like a service provider that needs to replenish a lot and refocus their goals because there's a lot of giving, and you do feel like it takes away from you. So don't ask for love or respect. I want you to ask for clarity, and give it direction. Do you know, this is how my brain I've taught people this, and yeah, I know I'm a little bit of a, I I have this way. Okay.

[00:45:46] If you want clarity and you go to bed, pray. K? Pray to god, pray to the universe, pray. And in it, when you say I need clarity around this, and in the morning when I wake, may this clarity come to me, please? And do whatever your prayer is to connect you to your faith.

[00:46:09] Go to sleep. And when you wake in the morning, the answer will be in your it's in your heart. It's so amazing. I call it downloads. It's there's a moment as you're waking where you suddenly think about the question you asked for clarity and you suddenly start to get, it's almost like somebody has had a conversation with you while you were sleeping, and you're trying to remember it, and you're just grabbing it as you wake up, and you're like, I got it.

[00:46:30] I got the answer. Everything is given to me every day, just the intuition for my business, the intuition for myself, the ability to process emotionally, to wake up every day and reconnect to this business that I was building so I could grow it and grow it in value. And the clarity for everything I ever needed was just given to me every day. I could just download it, and it just felt like it was given to me, give it, give it before you go to sleep, sleep on it, allow the truth to come to you when you wake up in the morning and your moment of clarity, download the answer because it's right there and you'll get better and better at it. And it's really a a wonderful thing.

[00:47:10] So you can create in your manifestation, more money. Exactly right. But if you say more money, then I always say for what? Why? Because if you say I want more money, then the universe hears more money.

[00:47:25] She wants more money. Yeah. Yeah. We all do. You know, you gotta say when you want it, how you want it, how much you want, and how it's coming to you, and then if you say what it's for, all of a sudden you've activated a timeline, and you simply, oh, see, as soon as I say it, my body's like, we've just activated a timeline.

[00:47:46] Your body doesn't know the truth. It only knows what it's saying in the moment. I talk to people about coaching and timelines, and my body is literally like, well, we just activated a timeline, and I'm like, we didn't, guys. We just activated their timeline, but you can feel it. My buddy's like, oh, no, I think we did, because it feels like magic to me, you know, people say I want more money for what?

[00:48:07] Doing what? Why? How? I want more clients? Cool.

[00:48:10] How many? Doing what? What are you gonna do for them? Stop telling me you want more money and start telling me the path to it. Come on.

[00:48:18] It's that simple a want more clients. How many clients do you want? Don't know? What's your average sale? Don't know?

[00:48:24] What's your service? Don't know? What's your marketing offer? Don't have one? What's your yes and no, don't have one?

[00:48:31] I'm wondering why you're struggling to get clients. Alright? So most people think that when you set a goal, the result is the goal. So I want a new car means I will be happy when I get my new car, and manifestation says you have to act like you don't need a car. And then, you know, everyone else is like you have to act like you don't need a car, but pretend that you already have the car that you want.

[00:48:58] And I'm like, okay, I don't have a car. So to me, I was always like, I just don't understand the idea here, and then I cottoned on to the one thing not the goal or the result because the real goal is just to be connected and stay in alignment every day so that you can wake up and reconnect to the new timeline that's in front of you, and it will change all of the time. Yeah. How many of these I'm gonna read this list because it's a good one. How many of these are you?

[00:49:35] You feel like you've mastered right now in your little brand. Alright. How many of these do you think that that you've mastered or learned in the beginning stages? And for those of you who are just creating a brand, you're going to learn everything on this list. Because unless somebody tells me that they that's not a thing, I learned every hard lesson on this lesson business, and this tells me that this is what people need to overcome in order to be connected and successful, I am a powerful creator.

[00:50:10] I am a powerful creator. I create in the positive, as as powerfully as I do in the negative. So I realized manifestation, I am a nuclear power plant. When I'm stable, my power can power the earth. When I'm unstable, I will destroy it.

[00:50:35] But I'm never not creating a nuclear reactor is constantly creating energy. It's just harnessed energy. And it does 2 things. You harness this power, or that power explodes you. And it is nuclear.

[00:50:56] Every time I've created something that I got stuck in, I wanted to burn it down. And I don't just I wanted to set fire to it. Like, I wanted to destroy it once I was done. You don't have to do that. You can sell it.

[00:51:15] Okay. You don't need to chenobo your business. You can literally sell it or just evolve it, you know, but I tend to be a little on the dramatic side. Business taught me how to be a problem solver and a solution finder. I don't get stuck in problem focused.

[00:51:34] I do not allow my friends or family to vent To me venting is somebody who can't set their boundaries, and venting is someone who's practicing the problem. And my question is always like, Oh, the first time I hear it, great. The second time I hear it, I'm like, this sounds like venting. Are we gonna own that and speak up to it? Because I don't want to practice problems with people.

[00:52:01] I have time to create here, and I wanna create success. So people who are drama focused gossiping. They're just stuck in their own comparison and their own ego. You've gotta say to them, you've gotta break this loop and come back to creation energy so that you can get out of this loop of what other people are doing and how much you care about it. I learned how to say no, and I had to buy the no button from Amazon that no.

[00:52:30] I said no. No means no. No. No. And I had to keep saying no.

[00:52:36] Because I don't say yes to what I don't wanna do anymore. Just that setting that boundary was one of the hardest things to do as a people pleaser as a woman, as a business owner, but you need to start setting boundaries You gotta learn how to set your expectations, but here's the thing, the second one under there, it's this one. You finally learn to set expectations in your business, and you realize that people come to you with a whole lot of hidden expectation, if you take your eyes off what they want and you keep focusing on your routine of it, you will forget and get out of out of connection pretty quickly. Once you disconnected, they're like, we don't want this anymore. We don't like you anymore.

[00:53:15] We had different expectations. So this was the part where you're not forcing yourself on people as a business owner. You are offering them a connection, and you're collaborating with them. And when you stop doing that, you stop being able to give them that incredible creativity that you turn up with every day. So that's a big one.

[00:53:35] I learned how to connect, hold space, I learned how to network, I learned how to relationship build, because that's really important. I learned how to manage money, I learned how to keep money, I learned how to just be a better communicator and learn to ask for equal exchange, and I learn to speak up for myself. And when I look at this list of things that you have to go through, I bet you, every one of you have learned a really hard lesson, and one of those lines already. I bet you have dropped the ball on a client, and they told you so. I'd say that you've probably failed to connect to a relationship, and that went south or somebody betrayed you, I'd say that, you know, you've got out of balance real fast, and then you realized you couldn't speak up for yourself.

[00:54:21] I'd say learning to set a boundary has hit you in the face multiple times. These are things you have to get really good at, and you have to become resilient at them. Really resilient. So just remember this. I am the poison and I am the antidote, I have everything I need.

[00:54:43] Alright? I want to be a better communicator. So if these, any of these are a struggle for you, I'm telling you right now, you need to communicate better around your money, communicate better around your boundaries, con con I want you to communicate better about speaking up for what it is that you want and asking for equal exchange, because those are the 4 things in your business, that will cut your flow off, cut your work off. And it's until you feel good enough to be able to ask for those things and confidently ask for those things around money, around boundaries, You know, because I've moved through all of these speaking up for myself and asking for equal exchange, these don't even come into my mind when I walk in to negotiate something or to create something because I already know I know what money I will be asking for in equal exchange. I already know that I'm in balance, and I already know that I no longer do things that I I say no to.

[00:55:45] You're going to develop emotional intelligence. It's really crazy. How does emotional intelligence make your business better? These are the Four areas of emotional intelligence, self awareness, self awareness, man, You learn more in the self awareness department of building a business than anything else. Social awareness is even better right to be able to be aware of what others are experiencing, empathy, being able to understand, read the room, read the room people.

[00:56:22] You know, when you teach people how to be, you can't teach people how to be charismatic, Your charisma comes from your authenticity, and it's when you have fun with who you are, and and you can just relax into who you are, and be your true self, be quirky, be different, be fun, that is that authentic you, and most people, putting on a mask when they go into a room. So it is amazing to me that then self management would be that you manage the growth of yourself in this business and the growth of your income, that you're breaking through sales, you're going to the next level of investing, you're gonna get to the next level in your money. That is a human being that is growing, and a human being that is upgrading their life is upgrading their life in those four areas And you won't meet somebody who is a connected business owner that is flourishing that doesn't have a strong connection to these areas and their lives. So that's why you've gotta work on yourself. You've gotta work on yourself so that what you're putting up and out there can be attractive to people, can be a magnet to people so that you can illuminate your path and that illuminates the path for others.

[00:57:35] It gives people permission What's your love language? Do you know? Is it in your business? Is it in

[00:57:46] the way you communicate to people? Your own love language. The own

[00:57:54] the way you communicate love. Do you know what your love language is? If you don't, you should read the book. I I mean, it's an amazing, premise, and it's this idea that we fill each other up with a love language, and then our tanks are full, and when everybody receives and gives love. So how do people know what your love language is if you don't demonstrate it?

[00:58:17] And if somebody gives you words of affirmation, but you want touch, And you say, I love that you tell me all of these things, but can you tell me these things while you're rubbing my back? Cause then they go in like they seep in. But I I I was like, telling me I'm good enough might be your love language, but it's not my love language. So what is your love language? And is it in the way you work?

[00:58:43] You know, my love language is touch? And yet I have a business where I don't physically touch people, but I learned that I didn't teach this workshop to all those people out there. I took the workshop to the eleven people sitting in this room because touches a connection in face to face to me, and I realized that everything I've really enjoyed in my career, even as a photographer, I was hands on with them. I did once I owned the business and there were other photographers doing my joy, I didn't wanna do it anymore. That was the joyful bet, being with the people.

[00:59:18] So my love language might not be a physical touch, and, you know, but it is. It is my love language. So touch for me is a touch point, and every touch point in my business emotional touch point, everywhere people are seen, I make sure there was a touch point in my business that make people feel incredible about being my client. So, you know, communicate your love language. It's really, really important.

[00:59:45] Stress. How do you manage stress? How do you self care your stress? Is your, maybe your stress relief is actually avoidance behaviors, but you think it's stress relief, or you're saying it's self care, but it's just stress relief. And how do you know the difference, because they're destructive?

[01:00:08] They start off as alleviating some pain and giving you some dopamine, and they end up as trauma and addiction. And, you know, what is your stress levels building this business? Cause if you're starting from scratch and you're stressed out, you need to ask yourself some serious questions. What are you stressed out about? There's no money.

[01:00:32] So you started a business without all of your systems in place, without the emergency fund, and now you have to make money, and you're saying that stressful because now you have to do it. Yes. I did that. So if you have to make money, I suggest you triple down on the process of value, because if you can get to value fast than anybody else, you'll get to money faster than everybody else. You know, a boundary, right, is when we say no.

[01:01:04] Stress is when we say yes, when we don't want to do something, and we don't set the boundary around us. But stress is mental, physical, and emotional. As a business owner, I had to go through menopause. That nearly ruined my business. I'm gonna talk about it because even the dudes in the room have to acknowledge that if you know a woman, she's gonna go through it, If you live with 1, she's gonna go through it.

[01:01:27] Sorry, buddy. But, you know, the truth is is that in the end of the day, that was emotional and physical stress and mental stress that nearly took me out of my business. And as business owners, we have to manage the stress So if you're starting out in stress, like Ekat Tully said, in the new earth, nothing you build under stress will become successful. Nothing you build under duress will become successful, because it has the wrong energy to it. The timeline to it is of desperation and need.

[01:01:57] There is not a timeline of giving. There is not a timeline of love and respect. There is only a timeline of I need money and I need money and I need money and I need money. And you can manifest that way, but in order for it to flourish, you want to connect to it. So I've gotta I've said this how many times already in this workshop.

[01:02:16] How do you feel about your brand? How do you feel about your whole money situation? How do you manage it? How do you feel about it? You've just seen, I know what level I'm at.

[01:02:26] I feel shame. Like, that's it. That's how you feel about money. How do you feel about this brand? Well, if you wrote your $1,000,000 dream, and your brand was on on an alignment with what you want, on target, and you could see the timeline to it.

[01:02:40] Then I would say you feel pretty good about your brand, you feel clarity, you know the path forward, you know exactly what you want, but if you couldn't do that in the first one, you took your $1,000,000 and you made that business different, or you made that business better, then you don't like the brand you've got right now. And how do you feel about yourself? Because now it's going to marketing. And once we talk about marketing, it's putting yourself out there. And guess what?

[01:03:03] The only thing that stops you from putting yourself out there in the marketing is this bit here, because you can even get the brand right, you can get the money priced, you can get the product price, you can get the product to value, but if you still don't believe you're good enough, you will go no further. So this way, keep asking. How do you feel about it? Cause when you look at me and say I love it. I love it all.

[01:03:29] I love the brand. I feel good about the money. I love it. I love doing it. I love showing up to it.

[01:03:38] I love that I get to do this. And you know what? I love me more. Because the more I grow into this person, the more I'm like I'm becoming who I want, and then I love all of those things. You know?

[01:03:52] Most people don't realize manifestation is simple. You're focused on what you don't want, or you're focused on what you don't have, because that's what we do. We all focus on what we don't want, what we don't have. Guess what you're gonna eat more of, what you don't want, and what you don't have. They're just self fulfilling prophecies, So to break that loop, you go, what's my focus and emotion?

[01:04:15] What am I focused on? I'm focused on criticizing myself. What am I gonna get more of? Criticism and rejection? What am I gonna change my focus to?

[01:04:24] I'm gonna change my focus to a positive focus. I'm going to focus focus, some magic, and go back to your diary where you've created your timeline to what you want, and start getting the connection back and feeling the goodness. Cause as soon as you feel the goodness, you're manifesting this thing to you. What you most fear about yourself is gonna come up, and it's always the same things. English is my second language.

[01:04:50] I'm too old. I'm too fat. I'm too irrelevant. I'm not educated enough. It's all something stupid like that.

[01:04:58] And, you know, if you want to, go to the mirror, and ask yourself a question. What's the worst thing somebody can say to my face? What online? What's the worst thing somebody can say to me? You've already said it.

[01:05:11] There's nothing anybody can say about you online. You don't say directly to that person. And, please, largely for all your inflated egos, you treat yourselves like shit. So don't stand here and tell me, anyway, put myself out there, try loving and respecting yourself enough to put yourself out there. Will someone complain and squark?

[01:05:33] Yeah. Do you know why they want what you've got? The further up you climb in the ladder, you'll realize there's more people that want what you've got. And then there's people, who does she think she is up that ladder? You go, you keep climbing, and then you realize, wait a minute, guys, climb.

[01:05:50] This is the climb. Seriously. Stop judging me down there. Like, I'm climbing. Come.

[01:05:57] Come on up. Get up behind me. I've cut a path. I'll show you the way. Climb out.

[01:06:04] It's it's truly.

[01:06:08] So negative

[01:06:08] energy begets negative energy. Money begets money. Once you become an investor on level 5, you don't drop down again. You're accumulated by default while you sleep. Level 5 of money will take you up there.

[01:06:25] Unless you make bad investments, you'll only grow money. Money begets money. When you're on a downward cycle negative, it it just attracts more negative, positive cycle cycles up more, it's the weirdest thing you just get stuck on that down. You know, I'm hitting venting and gossip here, because I know how destructive it is to your life, and to yourself, and I know I've already addressed this, but I just wanna say one thing, it not only repels attraction, it tells me you can't create what you want, because you're gossiping about what other people want. So here's the thing about gossip.

[01:07:01] What you say about me holds the truth about you, right? So whatever anybody says about you, they're really saying it about themselves, and you've gotta hear it coming from remember when somebody says something to you, I think it's about me, and you think it's about them, of course it's about them. They're just mirroring something back to you. The only reason you are moved or feel feel anything around it is because it's true for you, just see it in the mirror, and and then you'll understand, but the next time you want to vent or gossip, walk away and say, no, I'm going to actually solve this problem. And I'm gonna set some boundaries.

[01:07:38] And I'm gonna do it with great love, and I'm gonna set that boundary knowing I won't have to do this again. That's it. And that to me is everything. I'm not gonna rehearse people's problems. So upgrading, oh, please, please understand this.

[01:07:55] Everybody wants to look rich. Everybody wants the fancy car and the fancy house, even though 2008, we lost everything, didn't we? Cause we were also over leveraged on the house on the dream. But wealthy people don't care about how fancy they look, the fancy ones don't have money. The ones that don't look like they have a lot of money, they have money.

[01:08:23] And, you know, people wear their money, and if they wear their money, they don't have it in the bank. And I know this, I photographed women for 35 years, 25 in a studio before I started teaching, I would photograph women that were dripping in Gucci and diamonds, and they would spend $600. And then, I would get Mary Kate from, you know, a rural rural mum, got her 3 kids photographed, had an incredible experience, would write me a check for $4000 cash, and bring me cookies and fresh eggs. Seriously. And I used to think about it, and I'd think, you know, they wear their money And that means they don't have it to spend on what they value, so you can't look at people and judge them, but upgrading yourself worth is about how you feel about yourself, how you feel about this business, how you feel about this product, and how you feel about selling it.

[01:09:19] And so when I'm coaching people and I say, how do you feel about your business? And they go, like, that's what you're attracting. As soon as you can tell me that there's connection and value, that you know, that's when I know. So upgrading your self worth is not getting a better car, It's not getting a bigger lease. It's not buying more things that don't make your ship go faster.

[01:09:41] It's about feeling incredible in you. That's what it is. That's upgrading your self worth. Everything else is just what? Materialistic.

[01:09:51] And materialistic things bring us pleasure when we use them with meaning. Yes. Something might have material value, but if I take this material thing and share it with you, and you and I have a a day or a moment or an experience that will impact us, then that is a shared experience, regardless if it was a physical thing that somebody said had no value It's how we used it. Money has no value. It's how we use it.

[01:10:17] Money has no emotion. It's the emotion and the judgment we assign to it. So for me, it comes down to this. I want you to be able to look

[01:10:35] at the thing that you just asked for. And if you wanna activate that thing right

[01:10:35] now that you want, if you really want that thing, I want you to activate it right now and say, yeah, I'm gonna activate this. This is what I want. And I want you to start saying, I know, I know what I want. This is what I want. One at a time.

[01:10:54] Do one thing at a time. That's gonna come to you. The faster you can hold that focus, that's how fast. I want you to message me when it comes to you. Especially those that can activate it as fast as possible, don't give it a time, just give it a timeline.

[01:11:09] Alright. And then I want you to know what you want, set it in stone, and go through this process. I want you to just constantly go through this process and repeat this slide. Okay? I want you to say, I know what I want.

[01:11:21] This is what I want. Every day you're gonna wake up and say, I know what I want. This is what I want. You're gonna see it, you're gonna feel it, you're gonna love doing it. And every single day, you're just gonna start activating what you want, not what you don't want.

[01:11:35] That is a goal. That is a timeline. Your job is to wake up every day and empower that thought and that process. That's how it works. Before long, you realize I used to be really stressed out in the mornings, and I used to get up and think, how am I gonna do it all?

[01:11:53] And I would go and prepare my energy under that kind of duerets. I used to be so worried about money, and now I realized Sue has taught me to wake up and just start counting my money, look at the money I have, be grateful for it, make plans for new money, give it direction, and now I wake up and connect to money every day, and what do you know it flows into my life? That's alignment. It's replenishing that. Yeah?

[01:12:23] Okay.

[01:12:28] Do you

[01:12:29] have any questions for me?

[01:12:30] There's not specific questions at this point. I know we do need to break for lunch, but

[01:12:30] again, I have a couple comments that people have made. One Deb said, okay, this is amazing. I'm successful today because of Sue Bryce, and we always need to keep growing and stretching. Good. I wanted you to hear And then Pauline just made me laugh.

[01:12:51] She said, well, I thought I would just be watching the lives and guess who's grabbing her credit card. So and I just that leads me to reminding everyone that You've been able to watch these last 2 days for free. And the reason we did that is for you to have an introduction to Sue and who she is and what she teaches, and so that you can really truly figure out, you know, what your path is. And what you need to do in order to make more money, have more success, have more love in your life, to grow your business, and do all of the things that you truly, truly, truly deserve. In the next 8 weeks, Sue will be guiding you to create your plan and learn the steps that you need to take in order to make all of this happen.

[01:13:33] And this includes in case you were wondering about the 8 weeks, this includes money and sales, self value, and connection, building and growing your business and brand, If you know, if you know Sue, you know, that she will end up giving a whole lot more than what she originally plans for. So you can count on that. So if you wanna join us for the next 8 coaching sessions, make sure you get it today because it's only a $199 It goes up after today. So you can watch these recordings over and over again. Same with the 8 weeks of coaching.

[01:14:05] They'll be recorded for you. You can join live. You can't watch them live. You can watch them at

[01:14:09] any time. And we will have a live audience for the 8 weeks coaching?

[01:14:12] Yes. We will have live audiences for the 8 week sessions.

[01:14:16] Which is good because I do super hang up.

[01:14:18] Yeah. Because, I mean, what other people don't see once the camera goes off is Sue interacting with and answering questions and talking personally with everyone So that's really fun to be here in the audience. And it's just it's just cool. It's, like, it's cool to see how it all happens behind the scenes. You also get the PDFs, the workbook.

[01:14:38] And also, I don't think you knew Jen in the chat said she was gonna throw in a Thru survive, thrive to no. Survive to Thrive template for you as well.

[01:14:49] Already created it. Yeah. It's how you go through the actual template of writing your survival budget your Thrive budget. So that's also a good download just like 3 by 3. Excellent.

[01:14:59] Mhmm.

[01:14:59] Thanks, Dan.

[01:15:00] Yeah. Ask yourself what are you gonna change about you? What are you gonna change about your business? That's what you're gonna focus on in the next 8 weeks. So make sure you get that extra 8 week session for a $199, and it will go up after today.

[01:15:15] So make sure you do that. And we're gonna break for lunch. We'll see you guys back in a little bit.

[01:15:18] Yay.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Segment 6 ====