==== Start of Notes: Personal Brand Coaching Week 3 ====

Coaching Week 3 - Marketing

BRAND & PRODUCT Alignment


IDENTITY Do you feel your true identity is in this brand?
DO you feel like YOUR product and service are GOOD ENOUGH



BEWARE of these three 

I can’t I have No Money	
I can’t I have No Support	 
I can’t I have No Time 

Because what you're really saying is FOR ME…




No Value / No Alignment 





You can’t sell something you don't love






“Alignment is when your actions, values, and purpose are all moving in the same direction. It’s feeling connected to what you’re creating and selling because it’s a true expression of who you are. It’s about being in harmony with your work, your energy, and your vision, so everything you do feels authentic and empowered. That’s where you will find your value.” 





PRODUCT Alignment






put ONE PRODUCT at a time on the board let's look at it!



What is it? Is it a physical product? Is it a digital product? Is it a digital service that you offer or is it hands-on a physical service?



What is the System and Process of this Product/Service

Physical Product - Manufacture/Make sell in-person or ship / delivery
Physical Service - In-person EXPERIENCE
Digital Product - Downloadable Online EXPERIENCE 
Digital Service - Online EXPERIENCE 




Have you created an EXPERIENCE for your clients?




In marketing they say Sell EVERYTHING BUT THE PRODUCT
I need you to be able to tell me everything that is valuable about this Product, Service and Experience.



That Includes YOU!







VALUE: What does it do? What problem does it solve? Who is it for?
Is it useful/desirable? How do you use it? Is it connected to you?
Why is it valuable? Why do you value it?



Is it priced with a PROFIT?
Is it sustainable to produce?
Is it priced for the MARKET? 
Do you feel good about selling it?
Do you feel good about marketing it?



Do you have a following or an audience?
WHat do they know about YOU?
What do they know about this PRODUCT?



GOT any social proof? Organic shares from users, testimonials from Clients, followers, students? (Video testimonials are even better.)



BETA TEST & SURVEY



DO YOU make it create it design it craft it build it manufacture it license it import it speak it film it teach it coach it write it sing it perform it curate It host it paint it play it present it develop it sculpt it engineer it produce it fix it assemble it edit it manage it deliver it advise it facilitate it or hold space to do it. 



I am interested in HOW you do it!
I am interested in HOW you use it!
I am interested in WHY you do it!
I am interested in WHY you value it!




Did anyone pick up on this door I opened. Which of the themes we value most are connected to you, your brand, your marketing and business?





Anyone
DEVELOPING a new PRODUCT
Or Creating a new SERVICE













==== End of Notes: Personal Brand Coaching Week 3 ====
