==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Coaching Week 2 ====

Coaching Week 2 - Self Sabotage

[00:00:00] Sue Bryce | Thanks for showing up to this wick. Oh my gosh. I'm so excited for today. This is one of my favorite weeks already, and I know I said that last week as well. Alright.

[00:00:10] Sue Bryce | I just read a comment that correct me up. Michael said, I'm so ready for today, because apparently I'm already an expert in self sabotage. So hopefully I'll learn how to not do it anymore. Michael, hopefully, I'll give you the tools to get out of it today. That's what I wanna do.

[00:00:27] Sue Bryce | So I I word vomited in the 1st 2 days, and that's for you to go back and rewatch and rewatch. And then last week, I listened to all your feedback, I listened to your questions, I listened to the chat, and then I go into a quiet place, and I kinda channel what the next lesson is, and I write it all out, and the 1st week I knew I had to hit money. The thing is is I can't ask you to ask for more until you realize you're the not going further in money, and I can't ask you to charge more when you don't value money, and I can't ask you to know your numbers when you don't know anything about your money, And I loved how many people were like, I'm accumulating, I'm managing, I'm accumulating, but when I switched it last week and said, what's your business doing? Yes, your home life might be an accumulation because you might have a spouse and they contribute also or pay for the mortgage, so you're supported. And that makes you think that you're living in accumulation, but you yourself are not earning or accumulating.

[00:01:37] Sue Bryce | And once you get the ropes with money, what do you do with money? You go and do whatever you used to do with money, so maybe you still burn through it, maybe you can't ask for it, And even though your home life is in that beautiful place, your business is not, which means you're not. How many questions did I get about money this week? None, not one. Told you, it's okay.

[00:02:01] Sue Bryce | I know that that was an incredible money class, and I want you to keep revisiting the work, but the one thing I want you to do is come to the truth. Your truth, that truth, about you and your money, Look at it every day, accept the guilt and shame around old programming so that you can start asking for more, because now I'm gonna get you to start asking for more, and you can't ask for more until you get that money sorted. This week is about self sabotage, Why am I going so deep so quickly? Could I have left this to, maybe coaching 7 or 8? Nope.

[00:02:38] Sue Bryce | Because money is the value metric, and self value as the personal metric, so if you can't ask for money, it's actually because of today, it's because of you. So let's just clear the board. Let's like, I had a torch. I was like, let's look at your money truth, Come on. Show me what's in there.

[00:02:56] Sue Bryce | Oh, guilt and shame. Oh, I don't pay any attention to it. Oh, I have no value. Alright. Today, while I've got the torch out, and we're looking in there, let's go and look at what you believe about yourself.

[00:03:08] Sue Bryce | Because you can't ask for more unless you believe you are worth more, and I wanna find out what you believe you're worth today, so this is gonna be super fun. I called it self sabotage, because people often ask me, what is self sabotage? And I had to think about that. People had this idea of what self sabotage is. I think it was a book in the late nineties, and I think what happens is people are like, the reason I'm not successful is because of the economy or those people over there, and we all know that that's a victim mentality, that's a blaming mentality.

[00:03:44] Sue Bryce | So maybe the next level is is I can't be successful because of self sabotage. Clearly this is me doing this to me, but you're the one doing this business, you're the one putting yourself out there, you're the one asking for more, you're the one building a brand around you, so that tells me that there's 400 per small brands doing this workshop, that means there's four hundred people that know they're special, because otherwise, you wouldn't have put your name on the door. There's four hundred of you that decided to be someone. In your industry. Otherwise, you wouldn't have called it your day.

[00:04:27] Sue Bryce | There's four hundred people in here that know that they can build a brand around themselves if they elevate their self value, because you're the name on the door, and that tells me if you're here, you already know that. You already know your special. I did. I knew I was more, than just a job. When I was working in a job, I knew I was more.

[00:04:58] Sue Bryce | So to me, you've already decided that you're worth more, and now you're going to step into it, right? But you can only go as far each step you take as your emotional self. So every time I say you're gonna walk level, you will do it boldly until something happens that makes you feel a big emotion, and then you'll stop. So today, I wanna know what stops you. What do you think is holding you back?

[00:05:35] Sue Bryce | And I know you know the answer. It's you. That's not a mystery. I'm not gonna like surprise in the end of 2 hours. It's you, guys.

[00:05:44] Sue Bryce | You know it's you. So let's work out what it is. Let's actually get to the heart of it because right now you can't step forward until you deal with the emotion. So the biggest question I got from last week was about timeline, so don't quite get the timeline. A timeline is a goal, and we're just creating the path to it.

[00:06:04] Sue Bryce | Not the time to it. It's not a timeline. It's a timeline of steps. It might come quickly. It might be 5 years, but it's those steps that bridge that gap is the path to it.

[00:06:16] Sue Bryce | That's the timeline. Biggest question I got is, what if you're not resentful? What if you're not stuck in a loop? What if you're just idle? Are you manifesting?

[00:06:32] Sue Bryce | What about when you're resting on the couch, doing nothing, not thinking about anything? What about when you're not distressed or negative? But you're also not elated or happy happens when you're just content? Like, what happens when you just, feeling bad? Nothing.

[00:06:54] Sue Bryce | Nothing happens. Completely good. There's just nothing. Because if you ask for nothing, you get nothing. It's okay.

[00:07:03] Sue Bryce | So when you're idle, yeah, you can think about your investments, you can even think about how much you love your home. You can think about how grateful you are that you can read a book for the next 2 hours, instead of working in a job you hate. That's intentional. But if I just rest and I think about nothing, What am I manifesting? Nothing?

[00:07:27] Sue Bryce | If I think about all the things I love, I'm really just confirming what I have. That's just a positive affirmation of something that I love and already have. So If I ask for more, I get more, no more and no less, and if I ask for enough, I get enough, and if I ask for nothing, I get nothing. So it's okay. When you're manifesting, is when you're focused on something.

[00:07:52] Sue Bryce | So when I'm focused every morning on growing my money, just the see, your body doesn't know the difference. My body thinks we're making money right now. It's like she just said we're making money. That's how truthful that is for me. That's how I program myself to talk.

[00:08:10] Sue Bryce | It's every day I wake up, I'll focus on my money, I'll focus on my body and self care, I'll focus on my mental health, but it's what I'm focused on that is active in my brain. So when I'm focused on resentment, I'm focused on what I don't want, I'm focused on debt, I'm focused on stress, I am hardcore manifesting those things. Because they're in a loop, right? You don't just think about your debt, feel bad, and then walk away and go, oh, well, we'll deal with that another day. You carry the pain, the shame, the anger with you, the programming, you hear yourself say things, then you're looking through a filter of envy it, people, you look online, you don't have, they have the haves and the have knots, and then the the battle in your mind starts.

[00:08:58] Sue Bryce | Now that is manifesting, because now your brain is actively focused on something it does not want, and it's manifesting. So idle brands are content. Idle brands should maybe just throw in a bit of gratitude. Like, if I got to sit down during the day, I could think of 10 things of gratitude where I have worked until I bled And now I don't have to. Like, I can think of a million ways to be grateful for just lying there.

[00:09:25] Sue Bryce | So throw in some gratitude, but when you think nothing, you get nothing. When you ask for nothing, you get nothing. It's that simple. Alright, so I wanna talk about this mindset we have around connection, because Sue talks about connection, feel connection to your products, feel connection to your content, feel connection to your own body, feel connection to your creativity, but what is this connection? Because a lot of people say it's love connection, and love's just such a sort of an open word, right?

[00:09:56] Sue Bryce | To me, this connection is I know who I am, I know what I want, I know what I do for people, and, like, I know, and it means something to me. Like, it actually makes me feel good to do it. Self sabotage is simply the emotions that you get stuck on, so let's have a look at what they are, because they're the same ones every time, and really what this comes down to when you're building a personal brand, your name, your face, your energy, your value, it's self awareness. That's the first step to emotional intelligence is for you to have self awareness So right now, I want you to write down what you believe is holding you back from making money. I want you to write down what is holding you back from putting your brand out there.

[00:10:44] Sue Bryce | What is holding you back from getting your phone, turning it around, and just speaking as a real about your business? What is holding you back from networking? What is holding you back from standing on the stage in your industry? And just walking up and saying, Hi, everyone. My name is Sue Bryce, and I do this, and this is who I do it for.

[00:11:06] Sue Bryce | What is stopping you from, you know, talking about those, products that you use in your business to attract ambassadors, what stops you from walking up to someone and pitching to them, what do you believe is holding you back, and what is your self belief, and what is self belief? What is actually self belief. So as I said, I'm about to get you to ask for a whole lot more, but let's just check-in and see that you're worth more. So if you can only go as far as your emotional self around something, then you have to nurture your emotional self. It's that simple.

[00:11:45] Sue Bryce | You're going to be afraid, you're going to be uncomfortable, there's going to be so many things. We'll talk about all the horrible things you're going to be faced with as you grow this brand. But at the end of the day, if emotions are just responses to my thoughts, remember, my thoughts my feelings, then it can't be a motion that kicks you off. It's just where you get stuck. It can't possibly be, because emotion will just stop you from taking another step, because then it becomes belief you've created a belief around that story.

[00:12:19] Sue Bryce | So that means it's not just emotion, you're gonna feel an emotion, you're gonna attach it to an old memory, that you've, you know, saved that. So you've made this already a whole belief about yourself, and now you have this belief about yourself that you cannot step forward, and it's so stupid, but this is how we work. So you've created your own limiting belief. Last week, I said to you, let's smash all of our money pain, Let's take away our guilt and shame. Let's get to the next level on the money levels.

[00:12:51] Sue Bryce | Let's focus on our money. Let's take away all of our past programming, and let's smash our debt and start to define what our value and our goals are so that we can open up to a lot of money. This week, I want you to smash any old self beliefs that you have about yourself, and that you're gonna start to see them and be like, wow. You know, people have always asked me, what is this heart activation that you talk about, I unlocked every level of my life in increments of value by building a business. When I built a business, I realized I had no money value so I had to unlock that level in order to be able to sell to people and keep money.

[00:13:35] Sue Bryce | And then I realized they had no self confidence to go out there and ask for clients and be the face of my brand, so I unlocked that level And then I had to keep growing, and then I had to learn about asking for money, managing money, keeping money for myself, investing my money, expanding and growing my brand, but not making it about everybody else making it about me and really just growing my income and my personal life. Now, I locked unlocked every level of my life. And when people say, how did you do that? I started right here who I am and what I really want, okay, who I am and what I really want, and out of interest, in the workshop, when I ask you to do the the $1,000,000 dream, how many of you are not on the path that you thought you were until you did the $1,000,000 dream. How many of you thought you were going in the right direction, but then that $1,000,000 change something about the path that you were about to walk.

[00:14:44] Sue Bryce | Because I'm gonna get you to go back to that at the end of today, looking at it with completely fresh eyes than you did the first time you heard it. And this time, you're going to be looking at the $1,000,000 dream with self value. So the one thing that I learned how to do was I learned how to get into alignment with who I am, what I want, what I do, and what I love, and then I learned how to hold that focus with intention. Okay. That's manifestation.

[00:15:11] Sue Bryce | So I focused on who I am, what I wanted first, and then the rest was what I did for people, and how valuable I felt doing it. But it was those 2 things who I really am. And if there's something in your business that is not authentic to you right now, you are not being who you really are, and the fastest way to a successful personal brand is to 100% know who you are and put that out there. So this is so crazy, because I wrote this down, and then I went to bed, this was Sunday night, and I had this unbelievable clear dream, and then I woke up with the words, this is the secret to all manifestation. This is how you did it, this one thing.

[00:15:59] Sue Bryce | And I was like, Really? So I wrote it down, and this is what I wrote. I mastered my mind. I learned how to process the emotions that I used to get stuck on. And I learned how to return to alignment every day of what I want in the path that I'm walking.

[00:16:25] Sue Bryce | I learned how to process emotions, not overwhelm me, not become stories, not become excuses. I simply learned how to process how I was feeling every day. I didn't say I mastered my emotions. I will never say that. They are reactions, responses to thoughts.

[00:16:47] Sue Bryce | If you master them, you would master how you could maybe calm yourself enough to come to a good response, but mastering emotions is not what you're trying to do. We are very emotional beings. I didn't say I mastered my emotions. I will say I mastered my thoughts, because my emotions are simply responding to my thoughts, so I learned how to listen to my thoughts and my feelings without believing them. In this space here is everything you need to succeed.

[00:17:24] Sue Bryce | I learned how to question my thoughts and my feelings. And this is the first level of emotional intelligence because this is actually this is actually self awareness. So every person that gets stuck in the beginning of coaching, and I coach thousands of people I've coached tens of thousands of people. And we all get just stuck in our own head, and you all repeat exactly the same thing, like I could literally put you in lines, I could say, Oh, you're the this won't work in my town? Okay.

[00:17:58] Sue Bryce | K go over there with all the other this won't work in my town people. So what's this one? Nobody will pay that Where I live? Okay. You believe that?

[00:18:08] Sue Bryce | Yep. Okay. You come over here, you get in this line, like it was the same theme. It's always the economy, this won't work, this doesn't work because it's geographical. Okay?

[00:18:19] Sue Bryce | And then once they keep coaching with me, they start to realize that in all of the I can't, and I can't step forward because they're gonna find a mirror. I put a mirror in your path. And the reason they put a mirror in your path is the person who can't step forward is the person looking in that mirror to you. You know that. It's all about you, you're the poison, you're the antidote.

[00:18:42] Sue Bryce | Yes, yes. We know this. So if you can only go as far as your emotional self, then you get stuck in your head, and you get stuck in an emotion, but we've just whipped out. It's not an emotion. It's actually a story.

[00:18:57] Sue Bryce | You've told yourself, and then a belief that you created from it. So that means if you really felt that emotion for just a moment, and you said, where does this come from? The next person who speaks in your brain is your thoughts. And your thoughts loves old stories. So your thoughts will go, remember when they rejected us, and it hurt, same thing.

[00:19:21] Sue Bryce | And your brain goes, now what's happening to me, and my thoughts and my fear are all tied together in a belief system that's just not true. So you get stuck, and you feel like you're stuck, but you're stuck in your own head, and you're so stuck in your own head you don't see that it's you that's stuck. You know, people don't know their worth. They really don't know their worth. Truly.

[00:19:49] Sue Bryce | That's some pretty hardcore construction we've got going on next door. So Recently, I went to an event, and I watched a whole lot of speakers, and I didn't write one note, not one line, not one. And that's okay. I learned something from how they were delivering their talks, and I I'm also been speaking for 15 years, so, you know, I didn't write anything actionable, and you know I'm an actionable kind of girl. But what I did do was I left, and I started to feel a little disappointed that I hadn't written anything actionable, that I didn't really take away anything interesting from them.

[00:20:29] Sue Bryce | And I realized in that moment, somebody said, what did you learn? And I said, I learned that I'm better than I think. And my husband looks at me and he goes, what? And I said, I learned that I'm better than I think. Because they told me every single person that got up on that stage, they said, these are world class speakers.

[00:20:52] Sue Bryce | These are the best speakers in the world. And I was like, the best speakers in the world didn't give me one actionable note. So it made me realize I'm better than I thought I was. That's comparison. But I was not in my ego, when I did it, I compared it, and I went, oh, I'm better than I think I am.

[00:21:16] Sue Bryce | Wow. So are you? Like, way better. Cause if I'm saying that after 15 years of professional speaking, I'm actually as good as them. I was comparing myself and getting validation from that comparison.

[00:21:34] Sue Bryce | The human brain is designed to contrast and compare. That's what it does. Somebody walks in, contrast and compare. Woman, age, body type, comparison. You don't even realize you're doing it.

[00:21:49] Sue Bryce | Some people make it really obvious and give you the whole body check. I hate it when women body check, women body checkers are the worst. I often go down and look back with them and like, come on, what was that? Did you just need to shall I look away? But to me, that's what we do.

[00:22:08] Sue Bryce | We're contrast and compare. So when you go to start to build a business and you go to build a brand, you put your name out there, and maybe you're in an industry of hairstylists or photographers or designers, you look around the industry to all the people standing up on the stages, winning at their brands, dominating in their brands, and the first thing you do to all of them is compare yourself. Okay? Not a problem. Your brain is designed to do that.

[00:22:34] Sue Bryce | The same way I was designed to sit there and think, why am I not getting anything from these speakers? What it's showing me is I'm good enough to stand on that stage, and I didn't think I was. So I was like, wow. If I do a few more tweaks with my brand, get a little bit more social proof that I teach people in business out on the interwebs, it won't take long for me to get up on those stages, and I just realized that for the first time. Now, when I wrote this slide, I thought, well, sure, I'm telling you at that level of what I'm saying, but whatever level your business is at, that's also what you're doing.

[00:23:16] Sue Bryce | I want you to look at who you've been comparing yourself to. I want you to look at the account that you hate following, that you probably don't follow, but you check-in on them every now and then just because your ego can't take it. Think about that person. That's who you actually compete with. It's not the people that you like their stuff, If you like their stuff, you're not competing with them, you're supporting them.

[00:23:42] Sue Bryce | Woo hoo. I like every account I follow, because I didn't follow you, and they're like, unless you do something that's like, oh, I don't agree with that, I wouldn't like it. But I like everything people put out as content, because I think you're brave, I think you're actionable, and I think you're doing what you need to do to grow your brand and your business. So I'm gonna support you, and that's why people will always see me liking their stuff, So to me, it's important that I like the people I follow, but it's the person you either don't follow or that you feel envy when you look at their scroll feed because they're triggering you. And they're triggering you.

[00:24:20] Sue Bryce | This person is triggering you because you're comparing yourself to them. Now if they're really triggering you, you're really comparing yourself to them. And you don't wanna hear that. You're like, no, I'm not. Yes, you are.

[00:24:33] Sue Bryce | Why are they triggering triggering you otherwise, right? Now when we get stuck in a loop in our mind, these are the the thoughts that we get stuck on. I have been through this list a million times co aching people, and I understand that every single time I look at these words, this is exactly what's in your head. I just lost this screen here, guys. So comparison, you're comparing yourself, but instead of comparing yourself and saying, I'm at their level, you're comparing yourself and you're getting stuck in envy.

[00:25:08] Sue Bryce | And if you feel any comparison to somebody else in envy, Colin, I just lost the screen here. Karen was next door. Colin was next door getting my, the construction noise to stop using their power troll. Alright. Fear of rejection, fear.

[00:25:24] Sue Bryce | You will talk about fear, but what are you talking about? Fear of rejection? It's not fear fear of wild animals, or a fear of being buried alive, or drowning, you're talking about a fear of rejection. And the biggest fear of rejection is online. Every time you put a post out there to connect your business, you run the risk of somebody hurting you online.

[00:25:54] Sue Bryce | It is what it is. But that comparison and that fear of projection, stress, is because we have no boundaries, negative self talk is self doubt, and, you know, your own sort of old stories, an inflated ego is where you get stuck. And I want you just to acknowledge this. You know, the ego has this way of surviving, and when it feels threatened, instead it does a whole lot of terrible things. Avoidance behaviors, and every word on there, but the ego flare is unique.

[00:26:31] Sue Bryce | It's actually trying to save you. It's when your voice says you're better than them. Why do they make more money than you? You get that? That ego is an inflated ego.

[00:26:46] Sue Bryce | That's that your ego trying to be better than people. Once you hear that in yourself, same thing. You're still stuck in competition. You're still stuck in a loop in your brain. Self doubt, pointless.

[00:27:01] Sue Bryce | Self doubt is pointless. If I've paid you to do a job, how are you serving me if you show up filled with self doubt? Because self doubt is not service, self doubt is not giving me service, self doubt is you're so concerned about yourself You're not gonna give me anything, and I can read that energy when I walk in the room. Sorry, you want $2,500,000 to show up and self doubt? Get away with your bad self.

[00:27:32] Sue Bryce | I am looking for someone that I can pay 1000 of dollars to that will serve me, see me, hear me, acknowledge me, make me part of the process, but no. You're too wrapped up in yourself. Sounds almost borderline narcissist, doesn't it? That's how much we are in our ego when we start. It's all about you.

[00:28:00] Sue Bryce | The biggest energy and a loop that you get stuck in is resentment. Rejection is the worst one. Sorry. Rejection is the worst one because rejection breeds obsession. And once you feel rejected by someone, you obsess.

[00:28:17] Sue Bryce | And obsession is a loop you can't break. Isn't that right? Resentment is the worst. It's the second one that when you get stuck in resentment, that's different than being rejected. It doesn't create obsession.

[00:28:31] Sue Bryce | It creates evil. Resentment is the fact that you're not speaking up for yourself. Your needs are not being met you're being taken advantage of you're not speaking up for yourself, you're not confronting people, you're not setting boundaries, you're not loving yourself, resentment will burn you, and that's when you gossip, you gossip with other people, And when you're in a state of resentment, the only thing that you are manifesting is more stress, more hate, more rejection, and more resentment. Resentment is a sign that you need to set some boundaries and get your life back. Now envy is a sign that you need to create whatever that person has, so I want you to look at the person that triggers you on Instagram this week.

[00:29:21] Sue Bryce | Do it again, look at it again, but this time, look at it as your trigger, not theirs, say out loud what you think that they're doing that annoys you so much and write it down, because when I did that, when I saw that woman, and I didn't want, and she'd blown up, and I was like, she's full of, that's what I said. I don't know her, but I was like, she's full of it. She is, so like, yeah, Britney. I was like, I hate the way she talks, and I was like, I, I didn't, like, couldn't respect her on the stage. And I was just so horrible.

[00:29:55] Sue Bryce | I went home, and I was like, Why did you disrespect that woman? And I sat down, and I wrote, what does she have that I want? And the first thing I wrote was nothing. Nothing. Didn't even like her.

[00:30:16] Sue Bryce | No, so I wrote, what does she have that you want then? I sat there for 2 hours. Okay. I drank a couple of glasses of wine. I remember being on the balcony and drinking wine, and I was like, and I let the ego just come in and say stupid things, and then all of a sudden, this is 2012.

[00:30:40] Sue Bryce | All of a sudden, my mouth said, 13, sorry, she's got a book deal and an agent, and she has 200,000 followers on Instagram, and she was the keynote speaker, and I was the speaker before. And she got top billing, and she did this, and she got this, and I wrote down everything that she had, and then look at my goosebumps, and then I looked at the list, and I said, I want everything on that list. This is a true story. I told that story 6 months ago, on stage, when I left, I was like, you know what? All these years later, I wonder if she's still in business, I wonder if she wrote another book, or I nee she never really blew up because I never heard of her again.

[00:31:28] Sue Bryce | Surely, now that I did the work on what I want, I should be able to go and look at her Instagram, and appreciate who she became. 5 minutes. Nope. Trigger, Tugger, Tugger, Tugger, Tugger. Tugger.

[00:31:43] Sue Bryce | I was like, what? I have everything you have. Listen to the ego. I I have everything you have, and I'm not full of. So I was like, no, I tried.

[00:31:57] Sue Bryce | I was like, you should follow her, and like, no, I don't want it. And I was like, there is something about that woman that directly mirrors me. And there's something I hate about it that she does, and there's something I I love about it that she does that I hate that I don't wanna admit, but if I look at that for a moment, I can own what that is. Any response in your body, emotional, brings up an old story of shame. It's that simple, and then they attach, and you believe this emotion is real, and it's just not.

[00:32:30] Sue Bryce | So I need you to understand when you can't take the next step, it's because you're stuck in a loop, and you can't stuck get take a step forward, if you're stuck in a loop, it's that simple, right? So being stuck in a loop is like being in a rat wheel in your mind. If it's drama, you're looking for someone to share the drama with, and then you just get reinforced and bond over trauma, sometimes it's poor me. I used to have a poor me mentality. So when people hurt my feelings, I would instantly go to it's not fear.

[00:33:03] Sue Bryce | Nobody nobody ever loves me, nobody ever helps me, nobody, and that was my inner narrative. So then I would flare up and be like, I'm a better photographer than them, but they earn more money than me. And I tried to shame those people by saying things like, do you believe they sell their work for $3000 and it's not even good? Like, they just rip people off because I could not sell my work for $3000. Now, was his work good?

[00:33:34] Sue Bryce | No. But if somebody paid $3000 for it, they thought it was, so it's not my business. My business is to acknowledge my blocks, And if you can't acknowledge somebody winning, like, yes. Like, my husband always says, we want all of our friends to win. And I was like, yeah, we do, but we're not like most people.

[00:33:54] Sue Bryce | Like, we like people to win, because we're kind of winners, right? We're like, yeah, we're all winners. Yeah. High 5, the winner circle. I was like, that you don't always feel that way.

[00:34:02] Sue Bryce | I didn't always feel that way. I didn't want everyone to win if I felt like it was taken away from me. So the thing is with being stuck in your mind is the stories and, oh, the self doubt and everything, they become so real that you actually see evidence that you are stuck in your life. And these loops, they make us believe that we disconnected and we're not disconnected, we're actually connected, and, you know, the ego and the resentment. And before you know it, you can just talk yourself into a whole different world.

[00:34:35] Sue Bryce | So when somebody says, am I manifesting when I'm resting in idol? No. Am I manifesting when I'm focused on gratitude? Yes. You're just manifesting more gratitude and more goodness.

[00:34:46] Sue Bryce | But you gotta understand that if you're not creating, then you're in competition, and all of those loops, the fear, the self doubt, that's competition, you're more focused on yourself than giving service. So you're in a state of competition with everybody around you, And, you know, I used to say so I used to teach photographers, thousands of photographers around the world, but I was also still a photographer at the time. I used to say to people you're competing with me. Up your game. The thing is is if you're not creating, you're competing.

[00:35:22] Sue Bryce | And if you're not creating, manifesting is creating, competing is not how you manifest anything. So you're in competition and you're stuck in a loop, you cannot attract anything good here because you're focused on what you don't want and what you don't have. And all manifestation is focus and emotion. So competition is the opposite to creation, creation is manifesting, competition is competing for what is already created, and being stuck in a loop means we're attracting more of whatever we're stuck in. So if you got stuck in drama, there's more drama coming.

[00:36:02] Sue Bryce | You got stuck in resentment, there's more resentment coming. If you got stuck in self doubt, there's more self doubt coming. And because you were making this a belief system, you're actually stuck in your mind. Alright? So what is the correlation to your patterns or your self worth and and a successful business?

[00:36:25] Sue Bryce | Well, if you're a personal brand, this is actually a book. Please don't give me the credit for this. The book, I think, is how you do anything is how you do everything. Somebody can put in that. I'm sure somebody can Google that for me.

[00:36:39] Sue Bryce | But what I wrote here is you are the brand, so how you do anything is how your brand will do anything. So if you are the viewer of your brand and your energy as the brand and you're in a state of competition or self doubt or you know, low energy or envy, you're gonna get more of it. So a lot of you tell me it's hard to put yourself out there is the saying. We use the saying put yourself out there. You're referring to Marketing with yourself on the camera, aren't you?

[00:37:12] Sue Bryce | Because a lot of people get good at putting their designs out there, or their photography out there, or their craft out there, but their biggest fear is putting themselves out there. Because that's personal rejection. Okay? So listen to this. Your outer self, your physical self will take a complete bashing when you build a personal brand.

[00:37:36] Sue Bryce | Because for the first time, regardless of how old you are, the first time you might be putting yourself out there as the owner and the name of this brand. Nobody bashes themselves more than women physically. So I know the dudes will go through the same identity, but somehow the women will make it about their bodies, or their age, or something close. So most women believe that their body is their identity, and it's not. Most men believe that their value is their net worth.

[00:38:12] Sue Bryce | Because we grow up a culture that says if you're a beautiful woman, a man with money will pay for you, and we just constantly believe that's our value. We've been taught that people get value this way, because we've been seeing it all of our lives. But if you derive value from having a hot body and you derive value from being rich, not because of who you are, what happens when you don't have either of those things? And the people you will be with will never love you for you, because you're not who you really are, you're just someone who uses money or someone who uses their body or their looks. So we believe our body is the value.

[00:39:02] Sue Bryce | But our body is actually not the value. So I do want you're gonna get you get all my slides, but you also get all of my notes that you don't see of all the stuff that I say, because Jen has created this for you. So, if you derive or will all of your value and attention from having these things, I want you to think about where you get your value from right now. And I want you to specifically think about, if I asked you today to go and film a real love yourself and put it online, I want you to write the first thing I can't because my body, and I want you to write the first thing that pops up go. Tell me why you're not ready to do that, and tell me what it is.

[00:39:51] Sue Bryce | It'll be something so stupid. Alright. So let's say I tell you to go and make this real that I know is gonna get you traction, but right now, out of 400 personal brands, I can only get 33 people to do it, because the other people in this group were stopped because of what they just wrote down. Take another look at what you just wrote down. Is that really stopping you from doing it?

[00:40:27] Sue Bryce | Really, really. Alright. Hold all that. It's gonna get better. Let's talk a little bit more.

[00:40:35] Sue Bryce | I'm gonna introduce stress now. So first, I got you the loop that you get stuck on in your brain, let's talk about stress. Why is everybody stressed out building a business? Most amount of stress I have ever seen people go through is building a business. Why?

[00:40:52] Sue Bryce | New identity? Maybe? The unknown? Putting yourself out there? Okay.

[00:40:55] Sue Bryce | So being self employed is a dream, but no one tells you about the stress With fear of rejection, yes, the fear of money, yes, until you learn how to value it, but nobody tells you about the stress. So let's just talk about the stresses that are hitting you right now, and you need to understand what they are. There is the stress of money Making it, managing it, asking for it, learning about margins, getting out of the debt you're already in, maybe even negotiating with the partner spouse that you live with, and in order to be able to do this business, to build this business. Money stress will get to you, but once you learn your value, and you can ask for it in equal exchange, once you learn how to manage it and accumulate it and give it direction and grow it, you're free for money for the rest of your life. So even though you might have had money paying for 40 years, once you actually walk towards the education of money and the value of money, you'll never go back.

[00:42:00] Sue Bryce | You will be able to make money for the rest of your life because you will no longer repel it. There's the stress of what I say putting yourself out there, like marketing yourself, until you get confidence and you don't get confidence until you find your voice, and you don't find your voice until you start speaking. So if you think confidence will come and then you get up on the stage, you'll never get up on the stage. I'm not confident about being on stage. I'm confident and trust the voice that comes out of my mouth when I'm on stage.

[00:42:31] Sue Bryce | Because I've been doing it for so long, but the first, I don't know, 200 times they did it, I threw up first. You know, the stress of putting yourself out there is actually what you believe about your physical body right now, The stress of living up to other people's expectations disappear when you actually start walking your own path, and then you realize you're actually a trailblazer. You cannot live up to somebody else's dream and build someone else's dream, and you also can't live under this, parameter of somebody else's limits, because you will resent them. And often the people that are withholding sort of support around their or or enforcing their limits on us have emotionally or financially contributed to this business or to supporting you in this business, so they think they have a say about it. And they do, because you took money from someone else to do this, And now you're gonna fight the person what they believe, because that was their money, so therefore they have a say.

[00:43:37] Sue Bryce | Is that what you want when you're building your business the way you want it? Yes, it's good to get advice. But just because you are supporting me now you're controlling the money, yes, they are. Make your own money, and then nobody ever controls the money ever again. But if that's gonna get you started, then you need to pay it back.

[00:43:57] Sue Bryce | And you need to have a plan to pay it back, and you need to stop leaning on people if you don't like their limits, because you're leaning on people that come with rules, because they come with money. So so often we ask for support, and then we finally get support, and now I just get your criticism and your limits just because it was your money. Yeah. That's what it is. So find a way to make it yourself, and then you're not living other people's expectations.

[00:44:26] Sue Bryce | The stress with competing with everybody online in your mind. Read that again. The stress of competing with everyone online in your mind. You are competing with everyone online. It goes away when you stop looking at people online online to compare yourself with.

[00:44:47] Sue Bryce | If you're looking at somebody else wondering why they're successful or resenting them, you are blocked. You are a blocked artist. I'm telling you right now you're holding resentment, and you're trying to ask for money for your business, but you're holding resentment about somebody else, which means you're holding envy, and comparison in your body, and an inflated ego because you keep going back to look at their account, because you want them to fall so that you can feel even better about yourself. That's avoidance behavior. When you're more concerned about other people than yourself, you're avoiding taking the steps yourself.

[00:45:34] Sue Bryce | The stress of mastering your craft is joyful. There's no stress in becoming a master. You're just focused on hating being an imposter. Everybody starts out somewhere. You've gotta be an imposter before you become a master, So just start running towards mastering your craft, but do it at the most amount of joy it gives you because that, you know, someone who has mastered their craft and is content is a master indeed.

[00:46:09] Sue Bryce | Right? You don't have to stress out about being the best. You just have to learn how to master the next step and the next step for your clients. I was never the best photographer in the world I didn't try to be. I mastered my craft so I could give a 3 hour experience with people, and I was paid beautifully in equal exchange of that.

[00:46:35] Sue Bryce | That was the craft that I'd mastered. I didn't need to master the world stage. I needed to master what my clients needed, and that was truly enough. There's a big stress when you learn how to sell and you learn how to ask for money, but once you know what you're worth, you just won't feel it ever again. When you focus on service and the gratitude that you feel when someone has made a money change with you is incredible.

[00:47:09] Sue Bryce | So, you know, we keep asking for sales, and we keep asking for people to serve. But the thing is, is when we get them, we just I just want them to give me money. I just want them to give me money. I want them to give me money and all of the energy of how you're serving has gone again. That's stressful.

[00:47:29] Sue Bryce | There's a stress of managing and learning taxes. And systems, business systems, systems, systems, systems, systems, systems. But here's the thing, once you set them up, they work. And now you have a system that works. So all this learning curve is so stressful But the truth is, is once you've broken through every level there, you're through.

[00:47:58] Sue Bryce | I won't tell you what happens when you get to the other side. Because so many of you just think that it's like this mountain that you're climbing, and you will you ever get to the top? Do you know what's at the top? Do you know what's on the other side? Can't hear you.

[00:48:16] Sue Bryce | More mountain? Another mountain? No. Oh, well, there is lots of mountains to climb here, for sure. Sure.

[00:48:21] Sue Bryce | But the mountain I always say, you know, you get up and then glass ceiling, and there's another glass ceiling. Yes. It's boarded. You get to the top and you're bored. It's what you do.

[00:48:35] Sue Bryce | You get to the top and you're like, wow, I climbed the mountain. And we're so we're actually more used to operating from a place of resentment and need than we are from a place of containment. So the climbing that you're doing right now, part of it, you're loving it. I challenge you how many of you are getting attention from people because you're struggling and stressed out? All these people supporting you because, you know, so I stressed out.

[00:49:16] Sue Bryce | It's an act. So crazy. So the there are 3 systems you need to build first. I don't know why I threw this in there. It's like squirrel.

[00:49:29] Sue Bryce | This is how I do things. I'm like, systems, systems, systems. Geez, what are the three systems they really need to build? Well, you need to start with a booking system, because that'll get your clients in the door, then you'll need a sales system, because you need to get paid and keep the money cycling through your business, and then you need to build a list of the people that you're serving so that you could nurture that list. Those are the first three systems you need, those 3.

[00:49:52] Sue Bryce | And the rest will just keep coming and keep coming and keep coming. Squirrel. Let me just throw that out there. So there's the stress of marketing is, what do I say to people? That's what I hear most people say.

[00:50:05] Sue Bryce | I bet you a lot of people, when I said turn the camera around and film a reel today, they were like, no, I'm too old. No, I don't know how to do that. No, I need to get my hair done. No, my way, you know, we do a list stupid, superficial stuff. But, you know, most people would be like, what do I say?

[00:50:26] Sue Bryce | You definitely find your clarity and you definitely find your voice, and you definitely find, like, this way through. So with the stress, mostly it's about you becoming a new identity. But you need to understand, I just heard Joe just meant to say that stresses are cry for help, And I was like, oh, that's a good one, because I always say stress is when you say yes, but your soul says no. So if stress is a cry from help, the call is coming from inside the house, stress just tells you that, you're ready to grow to the next level. And it also tells you there's something to look at in yourself, and it also tells you that you could be stuck in a loop, and that you need to break out of it.

[00:51:08] Sue Bryce | And stress will just tell you that you need to set some boundaries. Truly, stress will teach you that you need to set boundaries. So this is what business is going to bring up all this stuff, and I bet you if you've been in business for 3 years, 10 years, some people have been in business for 20 years, you've experienced all of it. Building a 6 figure business was stressful for me, building a 7 figure business was stressful, building an 8 figure business was stressful. But listen to this.

[00:51:38] Sue Bryce | I, when I was fourteen, somebody asked me, I had to do this, like, fashion parade thing And when I got out, they asked, at the end, what do you wanna be when you grow up? And I was fourteen years old. And I wanted to be an artist. I didn't know what that meant, and they said, well, what's an artist? And I was like, well, just an artist.

[00:52:01] Sue Bryce | And they were like, well, but that's not a job. So I was like, okay. So they just said, you need to pick something. So you can say it, and I had to walk out and Hi. My name is Sue Bryce.

[00:52:12] Sue Bryce | I'm fourteen years old. And when I grew up, I I thought I love art, and I love fashion, so I guess I'll be a fashion designer. And they were like, Oh, that's good. Yeah. You can't be an artist.

[00:52:23] Sue Bryce | And I, like, walked away and I thought, I don't really wanna be a fashion designer, but that's okay. I was just, like, trying to make everybody happy. In hindsight, when I think about it, writing that down, I wanted to be an artist, well, 38 years later, I am an artist. I'm an educator. I'm a photographer.

[00:52:41] Sue Bryce | I'm a personal brand that creates things, so I'm an artist. And I was like, now I'm, I'm an artist that gets paid like an entrepreneur. 38 years later, I didn't even know what that was for myself. So start looking at yourself now like an artist that can make money. There's a saying that I've always said in my coaching, you will become as successful as the pain that you're willing to endure.

[00:53:08] Sue Bryce | So what's the pain? The pain is growth. Okay. It's just growing to the next level. That's all.

[00:53:16] Sue Bryce | And it's finding out something about yourself and changing it, and you just keep unlocking the next level and the next level and the next level. These are unavoidable. All of these feelings, everything that people I love, I put dream killers, naysayers, you will hear everything, and you'll believe that everybody's against you, I was told I could not build a business the way I built it, you can't do it like that. It won't work, but I did it. It doesn't matter.

[00:53:42] Sue Bryce | It's what I wanted, and they had to hold to that. And that was one of the biggest steps for me. So the biggest thing I want you to do right now is just stop, stop with the stress, stop with the fear, stop with everything in front of you, the limiting beliefs, the naysayers, the overthinking, the self doubt, the comparison. I just want you to stop for one minute and ask yourself one important question. Who am I building this business for?

[00:54:17] Sue Bryce | This is not about anybody else. This is about building a business around you. I wish somebody had slowed me down. I wish somebody had slowed me down and said, what do you really want? Like, I wanna work every morning 5 days a week for 3 hours, and then I wanna do whatever else I want and have the income to enjoy it.

[00:54:42] Sue Bryce | I don't want to work 15 hours a day and hustle and grind and have a heart attack at my computer, That's not noble, and that's not how you make lots of money. You are building a business for you right now, and if you've built it, but it's not sustaining you, It's not thriving with money, and it doesn't make you wanna show up with a big, open heart and smile in your face, change it now, because you're not gonna be successful. You need to change whatever you think you're doing right now, and all the stress around it, and go, no. And that's why when I gave you that $1,000,000 check, when you feel stuck and you're like, I can't change, I can't change, I don't have money, I don't have clients, That means you have to change, because the money and the clients won't come in the state that you're in, and the and it's not working for you. So fix it now, this business is for you.

[00:55:45] Sue Bryce | And in order to do that, you have to trust the decisions you're about to make, and you can't blame anybody else anymore for doing it. Right? Cause when you sit down with that $1,000,000, that's yours, and you sit down and you write a list of everything you're gonna do with it, build with it, create with it, you're about to go and create this list. So it better be what you want. You're gonna do it again today, and we get to the end of this session, because you're gonna feel differently about yourself, and you're gonna start asking for different things.

[00:56:21] Sue Bryce | I'm gonna take you to a dark place, brace yourself, Don't say you weren't warned. This is about loving the south. I have to dig around in there. Let's go. You can break the loop.

[00:56:34] Sue Bryce | The loop in your mind, you can even break an obsession loop. It's very hard to do. With one of the things you have to acknowledge first as you've been rejected and you're obsessing about it, that breaks it. But you have to actually say those words out of your mouth to someone that can hold space for you. I have called Nikki and said, can you talk to me for 5 minutes?

[00:56:56] Sue Bryce | And she said, yes, and I've rung and said, I am in a loop of obsession. And I didn't wanna tell her I'm obsessing about this. This is not something I wanna acknowledge, but I knew if I couldn't acknowledge it and talk it out, the the trick then is you get back into a loop with the whole story, right? Because you can't get out of it, you're stuck in a loop, but at least bringing it to someone's attention. So we, as human beings, have created this really amazing way to break our mental pain, and it's called pleasure seeking.

[00:57:26] Sue Bryce | Alright? So we hit one of those fun ones down the bottom there. We over eat, we use drugs, alcohol, spending gossip, gambling, drinking porn, and I'm sure there's more I just wanted to put everyone's favorites up there. And I love the dirty little secret, like, I love how judgmental people get about all those things, and then you find out it's because they secretly do it, you know, like, it's like, oh, that's a really good mirror. So when we get stressed out, we're building a business, we have all this stress, we tend to look for dopamine, and dopamine is also avoidance, doom scrolling, you know, anything where you're not doing something for you and your business and making money and serving someone, it's when you feel in, and as stress relief, every one of those things feel good.

[00:58:18] Sue Bryce | Okay, until they become a problem. So all of them come with a good feeling, but then they become our problems, and then they become our secrets, and then they become our lies and then they become our coping mechanisms. Did you know all avoidance becomes addiction? So at first, they're just a pattern we set to stress relief, and then we're addicted to whatever it is. And now it's a dirty little secret.

[00:58:48] Sue Bryce | Why am I talking about avoidance behaviors? Because I fell into this trap when I built my business, I became so overwhelmed And I wasted, I would think, about 10 years on the wrong battle when I don't want you to waste another minute on it. I am also fascinated that we create addictions from avoiding things. What are we avoiding? What do you avoid when you go to feel good?

[00:59:19] Sue Bryce | What are you avoiding? Feeling bad. Stress, feeling bad. The loop in your mind. You're avoiding your own brain.

[00:59:30] Sue Bryce | You go outside of yourself to numb your brain with food and spending and whatever it is. And inevitably, that thing becomes the problem, but that's not the problem. So last week, I said out loud, you know, most people fail at diets because you're fighting the wrong battle. And I had some people, three people text me personally, just to have a conversation around that, so I'm just gonna expand on it. Most people fail at diets because Think about it.

[01:00:02] Sue Bryce | You go on a diet when you feel out of control. I know this. I was a professional dieter for 20 years. And you go on a diet when you want a feeling of love, and a feeling of control. And when you think you're unmanageable and you need to get control of yourself, that's why I would go on a diet.

[01:00:23] Sue Bryce | Usually it was around a rejection, and I would believe that if I just went on a diet and could stay on a diet, they would love me, and I would not be rejected. Here's the ultimate paradox to failure. Diots don't work when there is a need to eat. Do you understand? I had set a self stress relief and a self care of eating my problems.

[01:00:52] Sue Bryce | So when I'd go on a diet, of course, I couldn't stay on the diet. I needed stress relief and food was my stress relief. The worst years of my binging, binging, was the beginning of building my business, and then anytime I started something new, I went to a new country, my weight would go up, start a new business, my weight would go up, put myself out there on a new platform, my weight would go up. Also, awesome that my weight would always balloon right while I was putting myself out there. To a point where I would buy a dress to wear at my talk, and I would eat so much, binging badly, I mean, disordered binging.

[01:01:35] Sue Bryce | Before I got on stage, I couldn't wear the dress I'd bought, because I had to size up in order to walk on stage. Now, I was doing that as a barrier, as comfort, all the rest of it. I was just focused on the eating. And then if somebody said something the audience about my weight, on stage, what do you think I would do? Self hate, of course.

[01:01:57] Sue Bryce | You know, even now I'm on stage still getting it, right? And then I realized that I was doing this. I was the one focused on what I didn't want, and I was the one thinking that that's what everybody was doing to me, when they were talking about my weight, I was the one bringing all this focus to my body because I believed my body would stop me from putting myself out there. I want you to just take a moment to understand what I've written here. If you take the shame out of my story just now, I needed support, I needed comfort, I needed strength, and I needed protection.

[01:02:38] Sue Bryce | And overeating in my way gave me all those beautiful things. I wasn't going against myself. I didn't know how to self care, so my self care just translated into binge eating, because in my binge eating, I got all of these needs met. Right? So it wasn't a bad thing what I was doing.

[01:03:01] Sue Bryce | I had just created a bad energy around it. So the reason that diets and saving from broke, people who start a business when they're living month to month, and they've got no money. And they're the often the ones in my group with the most amount of I can do this, and, right? I have to do this, right? Because you gotta pay rent, but you know nothing about value, and you know nothing about equal exchange, and you know nothing about margins, and you're spending to get dopamine.

[01:03:32] Sue Bryce | So you're very similar to the person who's eating, to get relief, you're spending to get relief. Well, how can you save when spending is your binge? Alright. So the reason that diets and saving from broke don't work is you restrict the one thing, eating or spending, that you need more than anything else. That that relieves your stress.

[01:04:05] Sue Bryce | You've set those 2 things as stress, and there's more. There's obviously a lot of different ones. You've set that as stress relief, and now you need it. So if you seek pleasure of stress relief, and then it becomes an avoidance to any difficult emotion, of course, you're gonna go to that stress relief and form a really beautiful addiction, really, really quickly, and then you're gonna berate yourself for not having any control, you're not listening to the real problem. You know, you can fight the eating, and you can fight the spending for the rest of your life, and never ask why you were so stressed out.

[01:04:44] Sue Bryce | You needed something. Food's not the problem. Money's not the problem. Your body is not the problem. The weight is not the problem.

[01:04:52] Sue Bryce | That is just something you believe, and you're putting that out there. Your constant need for false fulfillment and misaligned stress relief is the problem. Your constant need for false fulfillment and misaligned stress relief is your problem. Any avoidance behavior that gives you a false sense of fulfillment. Sorry, all avoidance behaviors will give you a false sense of fulfillment.

[01:05:20] Sue Bryce | Right? It's stress relief. But it will be followed by a craving for more, and it's insatiable because your needs are never met. You did not meet your needs. You numbed them.

[01:05:33] Sue Bryce | And your need for stress relief or escape to soothe it or numb it. You know, they're just avoidance behaviors. So you're avoiding facing the next step. That's all. So just stop giving yourself a hard time.

[01:05:46] Sue Bryce | I learned that avoiding my emotions and choosing to eat them was my version of self care. Okay. That was my version of stress relief when I could not cope, but look how at absolutely stupid that process is, what is the result that you really want? Listen to this. I want to lose weight, then eat less.

[01:06:05] Sue Bryce | That's what everyone says to you, and you're like, but I can't seem to stop eating. This is where I was, or you're undisciplined. But okay. In fact, you're more than undisciplined. Now you're disgusting.

[01:06:20] Sue Bryce | And I was like, okay, feels bad about my body, eats more, eats more, I was just in this perpetuating cycle of listening to other people and hating my body, and I just didn't even realize. I was the one self caring, you know, I wanna feel good in my body, and I wanna feel good about my body, I want it to be pain free, no inflammation, and I want mobility, and I want strength, and I want rest, and I want nourishment, and I wanna love my body, but mostly, I want to put myself out there as a business owner and not have any hang up about this body because so many of you do, and so many of you believe your lack of education, your age, your gender, your race, is stopping you, and now it's time to really put yourself out there because it's not So I want you to acknowledge one thing if you are seeking fulfillment and avoidance. I want you to define what it is that you really want, and I want you to create some boundaries around it because you definitely need boundaries if you have And I want you to work out what you don't want anymore moving forward, and what you do want, and then I want you to focus on creating it, because that's the only way.

[01:07:44] Sue Bryce | But the one thing you need to stop doing is punishing yourself any of those behaviors that you think you're judging yourself about, and I want you to bring make sure you bring this slide and put it somewhere that you can see it. Talk about it with your friends When you are unfulfilled, you look fulfilling. It's true. I used to say it was like there was an empty hole here, like I could never fill it. It never felt like I could fill it with food, it never felt satiated, and that openness, that's that's just your feeling center.

[01:08:27] Sue Bryce | So when you say, how do you meet the need? When you define what you want and you start creating a timeline to it, that is meeting your need, let me tell you how. So where is all the stress coming from right now in your life? As you build this business, write a list right now, do it fast. Where is the stress coming from?

[01:08:47] Sue Bryce | Where is the stress coming from? I'm not gonna give you words because the words have gotta come out in order, because the most important ones are at the top. Where is the stress coming from? Come on. Just give me one word, like it could be my kids, then it could be politics, it could be the environment, whatever it is, just what is bringing you all this stress right now in your work?

[01:09:10] Sue Bryce | What are you doing that's making you stressed? What are you not doing right now that's giving you stress? Because if you were doing it, you wouldn't be sitting here worried you'd be doing it. When you get this slide ponder on these last three questions, what is making me feel unfulfilled? Where don't I feel fulfilled in my life or business?

[01:09:38] Sue Bryce | And you know what? This is actually a hard time. Whenever I teach this specific work about being fulfilled and unfulfilled, the one thing that people say to me is I'm not really That connected. I don't really feel fulfilled at all. And when I do say, where do you feel fulfilled?

[01:10:08] Sue Bryce | Often, it's around family, children, love, friendships, relationship if it's good, but if they don't have that, I very, really meet people that are fulfilled by what they create. And there's a lot of people not fulfilled in their relationships, not fulfilled in their career, completely unfulfilled in how you feel about your own body, your own self. Don't love who you are. I've talked about that rejection breeds obsession, and you just need to know the stronger the loop, the more the rejection. So if you're dealing with a young person, they get stuck in rejection, heartbreak rejection.

[01:10:54] Sue Bryce | Okay? And it's brutal. When you're young, it's like, you know, and as you're older, you you see the heartbreak and you're like, no, yeah, you're good over it. There'll be so many more. But to them, it's like the biggest thing.

[01:11:07] Sue Bryce | The one thing is understanding with young ones, when they've been rejected, they can't accept it. That's why the loops stay, it's acceptance. And in one day I was rejected so boldly by somebody that I was with, they they broke up with me, and I remember getting into a rejection loop, but I also understand that I was observing my loop because I do the work. So I was watching myself get stuck in this loop, and I couldn't get out, even though I was watching myself in it, because I and then I heard myself say to myself, I heard myself say, why can't you break this loop? And I heard this voice say back to me because I cannot accept that he does not want me.

[01:11:55] Sue Bryce | I couldn't accept it. And then I went, but maybe that's what you have to accept. And then I felt like I've heard the heartbreak for the first time, but just remember with young ones, teach them that rejection breeds obsession. Understand this, reject fear of reject is right up in the top 5 of all human fears. Top 5, buried alive, burned alive, eaten by wild animal shark, bitten by a snake, and being rejected.

[01:12:24] Sue Bryce | Seriously, it is. You can Google it. You teach kids that, you're hardwired for fear, but the one thing you're mostly hardwired is to live in a tribe. Now, when and this biology of why would I feel rejected and think it's close to death, is if I you live in a tribe and you get rejected from the tribe, you're dead. That's it.

[01:12:47] Sue Bryce | Biologically, we're made this way. We're still tribal. We still wanna live in our tribe and be accepted. It's a fact that women have a secondary bonding relationship with another woman in the tribe, not another man. First man doesn't allow a secondary bonding to another male, will allow you to bond with other women guess what happens?

[01:13:08] Sue Bryce | If he kicks me out of the tribe, there's a really good chance I'll survive, cause I bond it with her, and she will keep me alive. In fact, so when you teach young ones that rejection breeds obsession, you can say you're really obsessing about this right now, and let me show you how because you've been rejected. So let's talk about what rejected means to you, because when I sat in my rejection that day, I asked myself if you had incredible self esteem, How would you be processing this different? Because at some point, I would have enough self esteem to say, he didn't want me. This is not right time.

[01:13:47] Sue Bryce | Not the right person, and that's okay. But if I'm stuck in the, why, why rejection, and then I'm obsessing, then clearly I don't accept that he doesn't want me, but if I had really good self esteem, would that change the way that I would make my decisions? Yeah? Oh, I'm not fulfilled because I don't feel seen or valued. So, Jamie, you've got to see and value your self, what you think you're missing the most is what we're gonna give ourselves the most of.

[01:14:18] Sue Bryce | Are there any questions out there? Cause I've been talking for an hour 15 minutes, and I've got a lot more.

[01:14:24] Audience Member | Create a new path to what you need.

[01:14:26] Sue Bryce | Oh, let's go.

[01:14:27] Audience Member | Support, comfort, strength, protection, and avoid the avoidant behavior.

[01:14:31] Sue Bryce | Avoid the avoidance. You can't avoid the avoidance. What you do is you become aware of the avoidance, and then you become aware that all those things you need are what you need to start giving yourself. So let's talk about that people can get addicted to the loop, so they're addicted to rejection. And an obsessive mind can really addict.

[01:14:53] Sue Bryce | Can I just say something? I've got a lot of neurodiverse friends, And I neurodiverse friend said to me the other day. So you know how I have a hyperfocus? And they were like, I said, yeah. And they were like, can I get stuck in a hyperfocus and the negative more than most people?

[01:15:09] Sue Bryce | And I said intently, And they were like, woah. And I said, you see, you also have it in the positive and the negative? So it makes you more obsessive, just saying it's just a neurotype. So breaking a loop is really difficult. Because you've got comparison, ego, you have to come to self awareness, and then you've gotta feel good so that you can start cycling up.

[01:15:32] Sue Bryce | And the two times that you can't break it instantly would be rejection, You just can't break out of rejection and processing shame.

[01:15:44] Audience Member | How can you save when spending is your stress relief? Suggestions for healthy stress relief

[01:15:50] Sue Bryce | Yeah. Okay. So spending was also my stress relief. Eating was my Olympic sport. And you know what?

[01:15:58] Sue Bryce | I don't I hate talking about I don't talk about diet culture, and when I talk about my body changing different sizes, don't compare it to what it is now. My body looks the way I want it to look. It's my body, and I love it. And I've been through a lot with my body. I just don't want people to think that I'm talking about losing weight.

[01:16:19] Sue Bryce | Because I don't wanna talk about diet culture. Okay. We come to a winners, we come to acceptance, but every time you're processing something emotional or the next step in your business, it really comes down to setting a boundary. Saying no to somebody in order to get what you want. And a lot of people just won't put themselves first.

[01:16:39] Sue Bryce | Fun fact. Oh, I was gonna say Jen Switine is in there. Jen is my brand coach. Jen Coaches neurodiverse brands and businesses and helps then be better business people with their scrambling, little, highly focused, amazing brains. So she changed my world.

[01:16:58] Sue Bryce | Thank you, Jen. Alright. A winner's acceptance in processing boundaries. Inevitably, we have to process some boundaries. Alright.

[01:17:05] Sue Bryce | We have to change something about ourselves, and we have to set a boundary with people around us. That's what we're learning as business owners, setting expectations and setting boundaries. So I have one question for those people that, were just talking about avoidance behaviors. A lot of the time, we look at something And okay. So your thing, right?

[01:17:29] Sue Bryce | Everyone has their thing. Age, lack of education, weight. And I know there's a lot more of people like, I can't because of this one thing. But if I asked you one question, and weight was your thing. Why do you want to lose weight?

[01:17:48] Sue Bryce | What do you believe will happen if the one thing you didn't like about yourself suddenly changed? Now, weirdly, you can't say that about, so what do you think would be different if you gave up alcohol? What do you think would be different if you gave up spending? What do you think would be different if you gave up? It's weird.

[01:18:11] Sue Bryce | Because weight is something different. Those are behaviors, but weight is a result of behavior, right? So you're judging your body, and now you're saying your body is not good enough to be out there, Who are you to say that? And I bet you, the truth is is if I said to you, why do you wanna lose weight, or be younger, or be more educated, or whatever, you will say because more people will love me. You believe you can't be loved the way you are, and you can only be loved the way you will be.

[01:18:49] Sue Bryce | Sometimes what we think we want is not what we really want, but it's what we most crave for ourselves. So the one thing you think you're lacking right now, you're lacking, write it down, I am lacking, I'm gonna just throw words out there to help you, but I don't wanna give you too many words because I love it when they're your words because they're different support, money, confidence, you know, What do what do you think right now? What do you most crave for yourself? What are you most craving? Love, acceptance, self worth?

[01:19:31] Sue Bryce | What are you most craving? That's what you have to give to yourself. You have to give it to yourself first, and that's what you need to do.

[01:19:51] Audience Member | Janette said something pretty powerful earlier. She said, I was so mad when you told me to slow down because I believe slowing down meant that I couldn't do it or shouldn't do it. I was drowning and felt like when you told me to slow down, what you meant for me to do lay down and die. Now I understand what you mean.

[01:20:07] Sue Bryce | Yeah. So slow down for me is like, here's the thing when most people grow, I call it binge growing. It's like I dump a lot of word vomit information, and you hear a lot of things, right? And you're like, interesting, interesting. Oh, that was for me.

[01:20:24] Sue Bryce | That was straight for me, but someone else is getting a different hit somewhere else. And and what I think is people just write a whole lot of notes. It's so much information, and then you just go, and you just consume it, and then you're just like, I'm ready to go to the next eight steps, and then they start coming over here. And I was like, you know, you could maybe share that content with some people over here first. Like, you just start running at it, And it's bench cry.

[01:20:52] Sue Bryce | If I had actually listened to what I needed, when I was stuck in in my fight, and what I needed was what protection, support, strength, everything I should have given myself, self worth, then I would have given myself what I really needed instead of fighting behaviors that had nothing to do with me. I want to be proud of myself. I love that. Discipline. April, there's no such thing as discipline.

[01:21:28] Sue Bryce | Only alignment. Stop my if in a drama that, oh, you've got an inner drama, a drama, dramatic voice. Okay. You gotta squash that voice, do the work, diligence. I'm ready for money and growth.

[01:21:43] Sue Bryce | I feel like this is all about self control, or or self control feels like restraints.

[01:21:50] Audience Member | Mhmm.

[01:21:51] Sue Bryce | Shouldn't it be self awareness? Stability, I'm craving stability? Okay. You've gotta give yourself everything here. You've got to do this.

[01:22:00] Sue Bryce | Whatever you wrote, you have to do this. K? Nobody gives it to you until you do it.

[01:22:06] Audience Member | Kate asked earlier, any advice should we not follow anyone online until we have our ego sorted out.

[01:22:12] Sue Bryce | If everyone online is triggering you, you need to sort that ego out right now. Yeah. Yeah. Don't. Why would you compare?

[01:22:20] Sue Bryce | Okay. That's the biggest one. When we take away the comparison, who are you? Sometimes we only know ourselves, we we compare ourselves to people. If you take away the comparison, who are you?

[01:22:33] Sue Bryce | Do you even like what you do, or is it so wrapped up in comparison? So yes, acknowledge it. Acknowledge it. It's really important. The only way to change and avoidance behavior is find a different way to self care.

[01:22:49] Sue Bryce | Now I found out that spending was, definitely part of my self care, So I started to do my Thrive budget, remember, to spend and save, and that is how I've managed to save to this day. I give myself an equal amount of money to spend. Now natural savers, I can hear but holes around the world just puckering. She what? She spins half and saves half.

[01:23:14] Sue Bryce | Yeah, man. It's the only way you're getting half my savings because I gotta spend something. It makes me feel good. I still buy wardrobe. For a photo studio, I don't have anymore.

[01:23:26] Sue Bryce | I had to I'm like, what are you doing? What are you doing? The last three pieces I purchased, I donated to WPPI because I was like, you know, I really shouldn't have bought this. Flaw length beaded gown because I'm still buying things for my business, because it makes me feel good, so I had to break that habit. But that's what I did.

[01:23:44] Sue Bryce | I learned how to meet both of my needs simultaneously, and that's important that you understand Now listen to this. This is what your body needs right now. You're gonna get this slide, and I want you to look at it. Your body needs movement, needs mobility, it needs rest, nourishment, hydration, It needs to replenish itself. It needs self care, it needs exercise, it needs strength, it needs to preserve your mobility, and it needs to receive personal pleasure.

[01:24:18] Sue Bryce | K? That's what it needs. Your body does not need to be judged online, or you're the one doing that. It doesn't need to be held back, but the one thing your body wants more than anything is self acceptance. Because you think you're your body, but you're not.

[01:24:34] Sue Bryce | Your body is just a ma your body is a physical manifestation of your internal self, and it's also your most loyal follower. And it does everything you want. So no more this is stopping me from growing, this is stopping me from going forward. I wanna tell you there is an unbelievable amount of bandwidth, and it specifically the word bandwidth. When I heard that, the amount of bandwidth that I got back that I could use creating, that I was obsessing about what other people thought about my body and food, And you might be doing the same with money, you might be doing the same with drugs, and alcohol, and all the avoidance behaviors, but the truth is, is when you get rid of those avoidance behaviors, you actually get back this brain power.

[01:25:25] Sue Bryce | So I broke a mental pattern, and I broke a physical addiction because sometimes you have to do that to sugar, and I also realized my addiction was not to sugar. My addiction was to rejection. I was so used to feeling bad. I just was safe there. So you can get yourself in some pretty crazy spots.

[01:25:50] Sue Bryce | Alright. So now you know everything that you do bad, you know I know. And now you know that you only do it as stress relief, so if you're giving yourself a hard time about it, deal with it. That spending is no different than overeating or using drugs or alcohol in an incorrect way. We use money.

[01:26:11] Sue Bryce | We lie about money. You know this. That's why there were no money questions in my group last week. But if I'd give you a number to text, would you send me private ones that I could answer because I need to know your money questions, but you can't put money questions in when nobody will ask them, but whenever you're alone, you all just wanna ask me about money, So I know you wanna talk about money, but you don't wanna talk about yourself with money. So if I get you a text this week where it's like, text this number, I won't know who it is.

[01:26:41] Sue Bryce | I mean, I will have your phone number, so I can call you. But, but, like, you can personally mess me, because I need the feedback from you, I need the information that you give, and you won't give it to me about money. That's fine, but I love breaking people out of money cycles, and I'm not a faker when it comes to teaching about money, I I walk that path and made money. That's how I make money. That's how I do it.

[01:27:08] Sue Bryce | This is how you're going to get through it. You can get to the next money level. I'll set up a phone number this week so you can text me private money questions. Please, please, please. So I just wanna highlight something.

[01:27:21] Sue Bryce | Saving is also impossible when you're living month to month, because you're not even in a place of accumulation. You're not in a place of value. You're certainly not even as you're stabilizing, you're still in debt. So when you crave money and you get dopamine from spending, you will never have enough because the craving is intense, and it's never satiated. Spending is like drugs, like alcohol, like all of them, They come to a point where they don't relieve the stress anymore, and they also don't give you what you need.

[01:27:56] Sue Bryce | So what's the golden rule? Craving anything as the sole uning for something it can't have, What you need to do is acknowledge what you're aiming for. How can you save when spending is your binge? That's the light bulb. I want the result of saving, but I need the dopamine I get from spending.

[01:28:20] Sue Bryce | Which one's gonna win? Take it away. Take it away as your stress relief, and it will no longer be where you go for stress relief. So I need better self care followed by a new way of giving myself the feeling and the action of both enjoying spending and saving. That's how I did it.

[01:28:41] Sue Bryce | You will become as successful as the amount of pain you're willing to endure and what I'm referring to is processing all of your emotions. Most of them is the self judgment you have around your own behavior, which you keep entirely a secret. In fact, there's a reason people don't talk to me about money, because when I look at the way people crave it and spend it, you use it the same way you use food, drugs, alcohol. So money's actually in that dirty naughty secretive place. Moneys right up there with drugs and porn.

[01:29:18] Sue Bryce | Eating is the most socially acceptance avoidance behavior. The others, drinking. Drinking has destroyed more created more generational trauma than any of those other things, and yet we celebrate that also, but the others that become taboo. Drugs, taboo, porn, like hidden, but that doesn't mean you're not doing it. It just means you're not asking questions about it.

[01:29:44] Sue Bryce | I have a question. I had busy month, and I had some major month revenue, but this month, they can't seem to book anyone. I don't know what happened. I also got sick for, like, 3 weeks, and I couldn't seem to get better. Okay.

[01:29:56] Sue Bryce | So just go through your emotional self, because most people, when they actually look through their thought process, maybe you got sick, and you thought I needed this time. I needed this time to heal, or the whole time you were sick, what were you saying? I shouldn't be sick right now. I can't do this. Just go back to your mindset and just work out what it is.

[01:30:20] Sue Bryce | Maybe that 3 weeks took you out from communicating with people that got you bookings, like, It's there. I just want you to reconnect to that.

[01:30:29] Audience Member | Michael asked, every time I every time it comes up that I feel rejected, it holds me back, and I avoid opportunities for rejection.

[01:30:37] Sue Bryce | Yes. And do you mean by clients, Michael?

[01:30:40] Audience Member | Sounds like it.

[01:30:41] Sue Bryce | Okay. No is a full sentence. It's not rejection. You have to move past the no, right? That's what you have to move past.

[01:30:53] Sue Bryce | So if somebody says no, I don't want that. That's not rejection. That's a no. So then there's like 1 out of 10, right? 9 nos, It's the hardest thing to hear in business.

[01:31:08] Sue Bryce | But there's no way to change it. Are you gonna hear no? It's not rejection. What you have to do is make yourself again, think about it. If you were talking to a teenager that just got dumped in their stuck in obsession, they don't accept it.

[01:31:28] Sue Bryce | That's why you're stuck. You don't accept the truth. And if you do accept the truth, you believe it's because of you, you. It's it's you being bad, not good enough, and that's not true. When you offer a service and your marketing, you go, this is what I do, and this is how I do it.

[01:31:49] Sue Bryce | It's marketing. When I sell something, I go, this is what I do, and this is how I do it. Which one would you like? If Joe says neither, he didn't reject me. He just said he didn't want my service or product.

[01:32:03] Sue Bryce | It's not right now. That's it. What you have to deal with is why this feels like a rejection to you and why you can't bounce back from it. You know, you're gonna learn how to sit with. I'm gonna teach you some really cool stuff today that will change the way that you see the world.

[01:32:22] Sue Bryce | Let's change my whole world I can I can bring the mood up now? I've talked about all your shitty habits. Sorry about that. I've had some good ones. I've done them all too.

[01:32:34] Sue Bryce | I'm I blacked out most of those avoidance behaviors. I want you to learn how to sit with your emotions and actually feel them, and then I want you to learn how to take responsibility for them. Most people think that they're doing this, but they're not. I'm gonna teach you how to hold up a mirror of self awareness, and I want to teach you how to stop personalizing everything and look at yourself, because weirdly, you personalize everything people say about you. So, Michael, just for you, when you're saying they say no to me and I feel rejected, you personalized a no, and now you're making it about you again, and that doesn't sound like service, right?

[01:33:10] Sue Bryce | Ugh. It kind of breaks you out of that egocentricness. When I'm obsessing about myself, I realize I'm manifesting, so I'm like, oh, I'm manifesting what I don't want I'm gonna stop obsessing about myself. It makes you realize how me centric you are and yourself doubt. So people without value are me centric.

[01:33:29] Sue Bryce | It's all me, me, me. They rejected me instead of I have an incredible product, I'm an awesome person, you should do this. You don't want to. Do you have a friend that does? Like, it's not like, see what I mean?

[01:33:45] Sue Bryce | But we're all creative, we're needy meat sacks, needy little meat sacks. So yes, this is a big one. So I'm gonna teach you how to hold up a mirror. This work is called mirror mirror. Where does it come from?

[01:33:57] Sue Bryce | 25 years ago, I read a book, it reached out to the author. Sadly, she died, about a year after. It's a book about metaphysics. She never really got to finish it, but she did publish it. Her daughters own the rights.

[01:34:09] Sue Bryce | I've I've offered to buy them. They don't wanna sell them, which is sad, because they could make money. And I could make them more money with their mom's work, but she wrote this book, and in this book, she wrote a simple paragraph. If you don't like something that somebody does, it's because you do it. If you don't if you don't like it a little bit, it's because you do it a little bit.

[01:34:29] Sue Bryce | And if you don't like it a lot, it's because you do it a lot. I was like, What? This was right about the time of me, my car blew up, my gallbladder blow up, or, you know, like, I was, I was blowing shit up. So I realized that if I'm blowing shit up in my life, it must be me doing it, right? That's what it really came down to.

[01:34:51] Sue Bryce | So back in my low energy days, I call it, I realized that everything I was putting out there was coming back at me like a boomerang. Like a boomerang. Like you throw a weapon, the weapon goes, boom boom boom boom boom. If it doesn't hit anything, it goes, and now that weapon is coming straight back at you, and you have to catch it. Like, no.

[01:35:16] Sue Bryce | So I realized that everything I was putting back at me was coming back at me, like a boomerang, every less and I was learning about myself, as I grew, as I built this business, was teaching me that it was not outside of me. Okay. This was my intention. It was my path to walk. So Listen to this.

[01:35:40] Sue Bryce | Someone here last week came up to me afterwards and said, do you believe this? I saw you on YouTube, and I watched all of your videos, and now I'm standing here in your studio. Like from Seattle, I'm standing here in your studio learning from you in person. How incredible is that? And I was like, do you want my point of view?

[01:36:07] Sue Bryce | And he goes, yeah? And I said, well, you saw me on a platform, and you thought I was important, and you liked what I was giving, and you liked what I was saying. So you followed me, and then you came here to learn more, but I put myself on that platform. Cause I felt like what I had to say was important enough to give to the world. And now you think I'm important, because I'm on that platform, but I decided I was important enough to be on that platform.

[01:36:41] Sue Bryce | I was. That's it. So you're gonna think you're important enough to put your content out there, and someone will see that content and go, oh, they must be important. Like, who put me on that platform? I did.

[01:37:04] Sue Bryce | Now what kept you there was that I you liked what I was giving, and you liked what I was saying, so I had good content, good connection, and that's awesome. But I did that. Now you do that. So where am I going next? Here's a little exercise for you.

[01:37:23] Sue Bryce | Ask me a question.

[01:37:24] Audience Member | Mitsy had a great question about the mirror mirror situation. How do you know when it's a mirror or when somebody just being awful.

[01:37:31] Sue Bryce | Oh, the difference is seeing your own behavior or setting a boundary. 1 will be an a distinct boundary you need to set, and the other will be, do I do that? No, I don't. This is the boundary I need to set. Exercise.

[01:37:44] Sue Bryce | What's the one human trait that you hate the most? Try to keep it to one word. If it needs to, you can give it 2 words. I'll give you a little, thing. I did this 25 years ago.

[01:37:56] Sue Bryce | I was with 2 best friends. Mine was actually victim mentality, and my best friend was liars, and my cousin Grant was procrastination. So write down your word. It's a human trait that you hate. And then the answer to this, test is it's because you do that.

[01:38:21] Sue Bryce | Now, we get their response, right? And we've all written a word, and I go, oh, oh, like called out, my respect of mentality. But it took me 3 goes to get victim mentality. At first, I wrote people with no confidence. And I couldn't quite, and then I was like, no, low self worth, low self like people who are victims like, ah, pardon me, ah, I wrote that at the time where I was the biggest victim mentality.

[01:38:57] Sue Bryce | When I looked in hindsight to my life, that's what I wrote. I look over at Grant, who's laughing because procrastination is actually tattooed on his forehead. We love the guy to bits, but can he make a decision about life? No. So we're laughing.

[01:39:14] Sue Bryce | I look at Ruby, my best friend, and she's bright red, and she's got her hands like this, and her knuckles are white, and her face is red, and it looks like kind of rage. And I go, what's your word, Ruby? And she goes, it's not right. Like, oh, why is it not right? And she goes, because I am not a liar.

[01:39:37] Sue Bryce | Because she wrote liars. I looked at her, and I was like, Oh, Ruby. You are a liar. And I can say that to you as your very best friend, you're one of the first people that if you say, are you okay? You will say, yes, I'm fine.

[01:39:58] Sue Bryce | You will never tell the truth about how you feel about anything emotional. You don't confront people emotionally. When you're upset about something, you never go to someone and tell them. You're a liar. You hate lying.

[01:40:11] Sue Bryce | It betrays you to lie, and that's why it's a human trait that you don't like. And as I was saying all of this, she was just like But I'm not a liar, anything. Yeah? So it might take you 2 or 3 goes. You might have changed it because you didn't like the first one.

[01:40:32] Sue Bryce | That's on you. But the truth is, is that's where it goes straight away, you start to ident buy things that you have and you, right? Gets better. Mira work was something I became obsessed with. Brea had a quest yes.

[01:40:47] Sue Bryce | Go.

[01:40:48] Audience Member | Brea had a question about spending. She said, I don't spend much money. Groceries and pharmacy, 2 days a year shopping for clothes, because I don't spend, I find it hard to believe that anyone else is spending money. I value my knowledge and my product, but how do I overcome thinking that nobody is going to spend money on it?

[01:41:04] Sue Bryce | Well, okay. So if you don't like spending money, you don't see the value in it. That's all. Because whatever you spend money on, you have value for. So if you don't value what you do, then you've just gotta look for people that do value what you do.

[01:41:18] Sue Bryce | And a lot of people are like, I would never you know, do this or spend this money or do this, it's because you don't value that. But if you're gonna sell the thing you don't value, it's not gonna work. So you either need to find the way to value it, and there's gotta be our way to value it, or you will never value it enough to sell it.

[01:41:38] Audience Member | I keep getting leads on who wants my services, but I'm out of their price range. But my pricing is the same last as it was last month as it is this month. Which I am booked out for this month, and now I can't book anymore. I'm not sure.

[01:41:51] Sue Bryce | So that sounds a whole lot like people are talking to you and you're talking about money. Because your primary focus is asking for money, educating around money. You've made it so much around money, they've decided before they have the experience that it's not with it. Tell me differently. I'll wait.

[01:42:13] Sue Bryce | This change my life, what you say about me holds more truth about you. Okay. Now think of the mirror, think of the procrastinator, liar, victim mentality. What you say about me holds the truth about you, what I envy and them I want, And what I see in them, I have both good and bad. That is a fact.

[01:42:36] Sue Bryce | Right? Okay. Keep Mike. Stay with me on this. This changed the way that I see people, and it changed the way I spoke about people.

[01:42:46] Sue Bryce | I started to elevate people in conversation instead of bond over gossip, and I speak the conversation up in a room. I talk about building, growing, business, spirituality, I talk about ideas, I talk about knowledge, I talk about travel experience, I talk about philosophy, I talk about what connects you, I talk about your highest value, I focus on building relationships, and I'm not talking about people, and I am not talking about what others are doing, saying or wearing. Now, if you engage in talking about people, I can tell you right now that's voided. It's gossiping, it's judgment. And if you're venting, remember you're just practicing the problem.

[01:43:36] Sue Bryce | So when I started to speak people up, I'm talking about them, and that has more truth about me. So really, I'm speaking myself up when I do that. And I started doing that 15, 20 years ago, truly started to focus on their energy. I started to see very admirable qualities in people, because I was always trying to lift them up, and there is nothing, nothing more powerful than giving a non physical compliment. I mean, especially women, you could walk into an event and go, oh, Joe, love what you're wearing.

[01:44:15] Sue Bryce | You look so great. Women are terrible. They'll say things like, oh, you're so skinny. Not a compliment, right? And we just say stuff like that.

[01:44:24] Sue Bryce | None of it's genuine. None of it's real. But if I walked into her space and said, instantly, I could feel the energy in this room has just, you have created, like, a sanctuary it's a creative haven. You would be like, she can feel it. She can she's in it.

[01:44:41] Sue Bryce | She can see it. Cause a non physical compliment is one of the greatest things. So learning how to talk people up instead of talk them down, because it's more truth about me, started to empower everything that came out of my mouth. And even when I told my business story, instead of telling stories that I realized how did I overcome that? How did I actually squash that voice of self doubt.

[01:45:04] Sue Bryce | How did I and I started to, like, tell that. Next minute, my stage has been all about me speaking myself up, speaking you up, speaking to people around me up. I'm very good at speaking people up. I can speak everybody up because I changed the way I speak. I changed my voice to elevate people in the room and elevate every room that I stand in.

[01:45:28] Sue Bryce | And if I can't elevate it, I'll fight someone in there, probably, because I'm a bit of a scrapper. You know, like, if people are being racist or bigoted or misogynistic or anything like that, I'm the first one that's gonna be like, okay, trigger trigger warning. And I was like, so I want to make sure that I'm bringing this powerful energy to the stage, but then all of a sudden, to my work, I wouldn't let my staff say a negative thing about a client, even if the client was right, right terror. Because they paid us money, and they wanted this product, and we honor that service. And if you didn't like them, you can talk about it later, but you are one of my girls called a client and nickname that was not very nice.

[01:46:13] Sue Bryce | And as we were processing her folio, because she was not a nice person at that shoot, she was calling her these nasty names, and I was like, woah, this is not the energy I want in my business. And she was like, well, she was a beat up. And I was like, well, yeah, she was going through a very difficult time, and whatever. That's not on us. We took $2000 of her money, and I'm gonna honor this exchange of energy.

[01:46:40] Sue Bryce | It's about bringing all of your goodness back into your voice and realizing that what I see in others is in me. And that means you have to acknowledge also what you see in the negative So this also taught me how to see my failings. This taught me how to see my negative. Because I would see it in somebody else, and I'd go, she does that. And then I'd go, do you do that?

[01:47:06] Sue Bryce | And I'd go, shut up. Whatever. Because that's what you do, right? He does this. Do you do that?

[01:47:13] Sue Bryce | Shut up? No, I don't. I don't even care that he does that. I teach every one of my friends that. I go, okay, they'll come in and they go, then, then, then, got it, got then, then, then, and I stop them, and I'm like, cool, but I didn't want to gossip about anybody.

[01:47:26] Sue Bryce | Sounds like gossip. And they go like, oh, well, it's just, I, I go, so keep going, and then I bring it all back, and then I hold up a mirror, And they go, do you do this? And then what happens is the next time my friends come back and they go, do you know what Judy did today? And I say, what did Judy do? And they go, you know, nothing.

[01:47:45] Sue Bryce | I can't quite work it out. She just kind of mildly annoyed me. I'm good, and I said, you don't want to talk about what Judy did, and they're like, no, no, don't, because that means it's what you did, or how you sort, or how you needed to process it. So this is that holding up the mirror without personalizing everything. Can't you see?

[01:48:05] Sue Bryce | You're all connected. So I identify when I when I was back in my ego loop, I would get stuck in my mind, but now this is how I process a problem. How long will I choose to think about this, and how long will I choose to stay in an emotional reaction about it before activating a result that I need. It's a choice to stay in a loop, and you can break it without your avoidance behaviors. The the trick is to just process what it is that you're stuck on.

[01:48:41] Sue Bryce | So what you most resent about me holds your greatest emotional need, that's your partner. Let me give you a few examples because I know you love real life examples, and George just loves being thrown under the bus. After we solved the business, we didn't get jobs or anything. We self employed people. I sat there for 2 years going, what am I gonna create all menopausal in there?

[01:49:06] Sue Bryce | George instantly went back and started to help them run WPPI and And so, you know, he was working, but I wasn't getting increasingly resentful that my husband was not starting anything new. And every week, my focus was he's not doing anything. He's not focusing on anything. He's not creating anything. He's just back doing the old stuff that we didn't wanna do anymore, and I was resentful and resentful and resentful.

[01:49:33] Sue Bryce | And one day I tripped and fell on my mirror. And I was like, oh, maybe you haven't started anything. And I was like, shut up. And then the best part is I had to go home to George and sit him down and go, so I've been really resentful towards you. And he was like, really?

[01:49:48] Sue Bryce | And I was like, yeah, because it turns out it was about me. He was like, okay, and I was like, I haven't started anything, but in my mind, I totally put it on him. So what we do with our spouses, often, is we resent something about them. They don't see me. There's no intimacy.

[01:50:07] Sue Bryce | There's no there's no support, and the one thing that you resent about them is the one thing you need right now from yourself. But we put it on to our partner constantly, and we do this. And if you don't have a a life partner, you might do this with your best friend or with your, sister or your mom. It's somebody that you constantly do this, but when you resent people, that's what you need. And that is one of the most important things that you can learn about yourself So not only do I know that what I say about you holds more truth about me, I now know that what I resent about you holds my greatest emotional need, you will see yourself as a mirror to people consistently and be blown away by it.

[01:50:52] Sue Bryce | Now trolls can write a lot of shitty things, right? But it only hurts you when it's true for you. Think about it. If somebody writes something, some dude wrote on my Instagram the other day, money, money, money, rich, rich, rich. And I wrote, yes, yes, yes, join my workshop workshop workshop, and then you can make more and more and more yourself.

[01:51:14] Sue Bryce | Like, you can't shame me around money, but when they talk about my age, my weight, or anything like that, trigger because it only hurts when it's true. So if you look at, you know, why that rejection hurts, Michael, you might have to acknowledge you're rejecting yourself. You just have to acknowledge that what we hear only hurts us when it's true for us. So instead of reacting to it, you have to sit with the pain of it and go, is this true for me? Do I do this?

[01:51:48] Sue Bryce | And if you feel nothing, you can go, no, no, no, it doesn't bother me at all, delete air block, because what does it matter? Because it's only hurtful when it's true.

[01:52:00] Audience Member | Just to reiterate, Tina asked, so what is the difference between triggers and mirror mirror?

[01:52:06] Sue Bryce | No. The trigger is brings you to all work. The mirror is what you hold up after your trigger. You hold up the mirror to say what's my part in this. Okay.

[01:52:18] Sue Bryce | So when someone does something that bothers us, it reflects an aspect of ourselves that we'd suppress in ourselves. And at first, it's I didn't want this, and I didn't want to go through this, but really what comes up is actually sadness. Because we'd love to blame other people, but unfortunately, all of that loop is going on in your head. Okay. This is where I learned to ask that thought, that brain, that loop questions.

[01:52:46] Sue Bryce | And these are the questions I ask. You can ask the same questions. You're gonna get all these questions, so you don't have to write them down, but you can write down the most important one to you. Why does it bother me so much? What is my part in this?

[01:53:00] Sue Bryce | Is what I'm saying about them more about me? Do I do that? Is there a part of me that behaves similarly and I don't accept it in myself? What does this reaction say about me, about my own beliefs, about my own fears, about my own insecurities, about my own ego flaring up? Why is this triggering my ego and my petition?

[01:53:24] Sue Bryce | Do they have something I want? Why have I attracted this? Why is this happening to me? What am I learning from this? Just explore it.

[01:53:34] Sue Bryce | Just ask questions. Why do I feel resentful? You know, resentment is powerlessness. Venting is resentment. It's practicing the prop practicing the resentment.

[01:53:50] Sue Bryce | And resentment is powerlessness, because instead of resenting someone, go and set a boundary. I'm telling you that's why we get resentful. We won't set a boundary around someone. We don't know how, or we don't wanna feel bad, or we wanna be liked. It's that simple, but if you feel resentment, you feel powerlessness, that there is nothing worse than feeling stuck, powerless, and filled with anger and resentment.

[01:54:20] Sue Bryce | That somebody else could help you and is choosing not to. A lot of us feel this way.

[01:54:27] Audience Member | I resented my partner for being, bump on the log with no motivation when I was highly motivated in making steps for making steps toward in leaps. What does that mean?

[01:54:39] Sue Bryce | Okay. So that's not true. That's not a true statement. What were you most resentful that they weren't doing? That's what you need to answer.

[01:54:50] Sue Bryce | Colin, I just lost that screen. The chat. Sorry. I don't know where it went that little guy. So this is where you become your own guru, right?

[01:55:00] Sue Bryce | Because you gotta process your own brain. And the secret to all creation and manifesting as just processing your emotions every day. The secret to focusing and building a business and growing wealth is focus and emotion. So you gotta wake up every day and say, what am I focused on? And then you've gotta say, and how do I feel about it?

[01:55:20] Sue Bryce | And at the end of the day, what you're processing every day is what somebody said online, or you're processing envy, or what your sister said, or what your mum said that hurt your feelings, or that somebody online said you're not even good at what you do, so you're processing that. At the end of the day, whatever you wake up with, those thoughts, you're processing yesterday's emotions. And then you are starting your day with yesterday's emotions, So if somebody told you you were useless yesterday, you wake up feeling useless. If somebody tells you you were incredible yesterday, you wake up feeling incredible, neither of those things are gonna happen today, but that just what happened yesterday, and all you're ever doing is processing yesterday's emotions, right? Venting is resentment, practicing resentment, practicing resentment, and that is the truth.

[01:56:12] Sue Bryce | I wasn't doing anything with his time, drinking, numbing, and playing video games, and not taking care of his body. Okay. So at the end of the day, you can't make somebody change. Okay? You can only be the change.

[01:56:28] Sue Bryce | But sometimes when we go to change and they don't change, we make it feel like they're the ones holding us back, but they'd also tell me that everything he was doing was what you were doing also because you judge it so harshly. Does that make sense? Here's something that people will say to you, when you're stuck in your mind about something, let it go. Just let it go. Well, how do you let go of a strong emotion?

[01:57:01] Sue Bryce | You don't let it go. You can't let it go, but you can let it be in the past. So you don't think about it, empower it, and then worry about it more, because that brings it to today. And, remember, your body doesn't know the difference between what's really happening and what's not. So if you bring back a thought from yesterday and empower that, you're stuck there.

[01:57:22] Sue Bryce | You certainly can't release it. You know, if people say release your anger, release it, try releasing your anger on a punching bag in 15 minutes, and you still will have anger in your brain. Okay? What you will release is the adrenaline in your body. You cannot release a feeling because it's an emotion, and you have to feel it.

[01:57:44] Sue Bryce | I don't want you to numb it because that's avoiding it, and so avoidance is the worst, I want you to feel it. You certainly can't forget about it because it's in your brain, and it's stuck there. So all of the things we say to people, let it go, release it, forget about it, you can't. You can forgive it. You don't have to forgive the person, but you can forgive the wound.

[01:58:10] Sue Bryce | In fact, don't forgive the perpetrator. That's not your job. Your job is to forgive how they wounded you, so it never happens again. You can also accept the emotion. As yours and own it, you can reframe how you feel about it.

[01:58:24] Sue Bryce | So if it's a past story that you keep bringing up, you can reframe it, and you can let it be in the past, but you can't let it go. But I wanna ask you one thing If something keeps coming back to you every day and it's stopping you from being successful, building this incredible business, I want you to ask, Why are you carrying this wound? And you're gonna say, because it's my wound, and I go, cool. I get that you carry this wound. Why do you pick the stitches out every day?

[01:58:56] Sue Bryce | Why do you go to the wound? Open your shirt, and then pull all the stitches out of the wound and bleed again? Ah, the wound. The wound. You do that.

[01:59:07] Sue Bryce | There could just be a wound that you're healing there, but, no, you wanna empower that wound, you wanna give it all that emotion every single day, and you wanna pick at it, you've gotta ask yourself, at the end of the day, that sounds like someone that's addicted to pain, and that someone that's addicted to rejection. You you might need to go and see somebody and get this out of you to break these patterns. I broke them, I broke all of them myself. Remember that stresses, when you say yes, but you really wanna say no, so we're gonna start setting some big boundaries. Otherwise, we just feel like we constantly betray ourselves.

[01:59:44] Sue Bryce | And they also feel like when I talk about boundaries, most people are freaking out over how many boundaries they're gonna have to set in their lives moving forward, because boundaries are really, really hard to set. But just remember this, No is a boundary, no is a complete sentence. Do you want to do this? No. You don't have to apologize.

[02:00:07] Sue Bryce | It's that simple. Alright. So the more that I created the life I wanted and the life that I value and the business that I value and the income that I value, the less stress relief I needed. The stress relief that I was building my business was really around identity, self acceptance, and self awareness. Okay.

[02:00:35] Sue Bryce | So learning how valuable you are so that you can ask for more and grow in this brand. The more that I loved and accepted my body for just moving and existing, the more I cared for it, and that was simply, you know, I just started to walk towards what I wanted. I started to wake up every day actively contributing to my business, uplifting the conversation, uplifting how I felt on the inside, acknowledging how I talked about other people, You know, this is so important. As we are building, someone will say something online that you'll take the wrong way. Lots of people will criticize you to your face.

[02:01:19] Sue Bryce | Oh, really? You're doing that. I didn't think you could do that. A lot of people will give you their limits, but this is the best advice I have ever, ever received. If somebody says something hurtful to you, ask them to repeat it.

[02:01:34] Sue Bryce | To stop, breathe, and go Sorry. Can you say that again? Right? Cause if they're saying something mean to you, make them repeat it. And if they repeat it the second time, they'll say it in a way that's not as me, because you just took their response away.

[02:01:53] Sue Bryce | You just took away your reaction. Alright? And then if you look at them and you say, Did you say that to be hurtful, or am I just not seeing the joke in it? Then they'll be like, because you've just totally, like, calmly put it back on them. If somebody says something hurtful to them, just look at them and go, are you okay?

[02:02:18] Sue Bryce | It's not about you. Somebody's just said something really hurtful. Just look at them and go, you okay? But, no, that's not how we take it, is it? We take it personally.

[02:02:30] Sue Bryce | We personalize everything. Alright? Because you've also gotta be a mirror to others. If somebody cannot look you in the eye, you need to apologize for something. That's when you go up to somebody, and you say, Did I do something I need to apologize for?

[02:02:48] Sue Bryce | Now, when you do this, this is a gentle confrontation of emotion. This is how you bring all the underlying emotion and your relationships up to the level of respect where you are acknowledging somebody else's energy and not making it about yourself. And yet, in business, it's all about you, remember it's not about you, It is about you, but it's about what you can do for me, but it's about you, but it's really about me. Don't forget that, but it's very important. So I was in my own cycle of self sabotage, wasting my band with obsessing about myself not being good enough instead of making good in my life.

[02:03:27] Sue Bryce | That's it. I broke all of those patterns, all of those stupid self beliefs that you believe are holding you back. And now when I say what's holding you back, you have to tell me. You have to straight out tell me because you know that that's what I believe, and you know that you're the poison and you're the antidote, and the person you've got to expand passes this person in your mind, and it's step by step. I want you to make the connection to living unfulfilled and always looking fulfilling in which area of your life do you feel that way?

[02:04:00] Sue Bryce | And when you start to realize I don't feel fulfilled, at home, I don't feel fulfilled in my marriage, I don't feel fulfilled in my workplace. Your job is to go and fill whatever area you want to fill that with love, but you have to fill that for yourself. Give me some questions, because I've gone over time, but I will answer questions. Now I bring you back to the final slide, which is this one here, and this one was I walked this path in the multiverse. Now I want you to look at the $1,000,000 dream a little differently.

[02:04:33] Sue Bryce | I want you to go back to the drawing board, put your $1,000,000 check on the table, put your name on it. It became like, what could I really do with this money? What could I really create with this money? Not just how quickly much quicker it would come to me, but I truly started to look at it again, and you know what? I walked a multiverse because I used to, this is how blocked my my mouth was.

[02:05:02] Sue Bryce | Listen to what you say so that you can hear it back. When I was a photographer and I wanted my own studio, I priced out what it would cost to start a studio, and the price was $35,000. I was earning $400 a week at the time, and I had $4000 debt on my credit card. I was living month to month, and no savings, no value, no chance, but once I worked out how much it would cost me to start this business, I had a number in my head, $35,000. So I would go around and say things like, somebody just gave me $35,000, I could start my business.

[02:05:43] Sue Bryce | It's how ignorant and stupid I was. I believed that if somebody gave me $35,000, I would make it work. Even though I could not ask for money, I would do exactly with that $35,000, what I've already doing with money, blow it, and then I realized nobody was gonna give me $35,000. So there was a year there where I was saying this to people, I went to my mom, and I was like, so I just need, like, $35,000. My parents have got no money.

[02:06:11] Sue Bryce | My mom goes, well, I could give you $3000. And I was like, Okay. So borrowed $3000 with my mom. I paid it back, Ken Fold. And, I did a I bought 3 things.

[02:06:32] Sue Bryce | That week, that meant I could take a client in the garage of my house, and that client spent $1800. And the next two did. And I had more than $3000 back the following week. And I just looked at that, and I was like, I don't need someone to give me $35,000. And I made a $1,000,000.

[02:07:03] Sue Bryce | So the path is what you really are walking. What path will I take? What path lights me up is our if we're a couple in business, do our joint paths earn, are they in alignment, or are you me in George? You start a business over there, and I'll start a business over here. We'll see how we go.

[02:07:25] Sue Bryce | Because you gotta get into alignment with yourself first, and then all the people around you, so go back to this $1,000,000 dream and come down to this, and then have a look at it every single day and just be like, this is the path forward for me. This is the goals that I want to achieve. This is everything I want, and right now, that money is giving me this illusion that it's all just can be bought and and created, but the energy of building that is what you have to learn, and that's why you'll go up in increments.

[02:07:58] Audience Member | Janet asked every time I start getting into a better situation, something happens in my personal life that feels overwhelming and that keeps me from focusing emotionally. I understand that life is going to life, but how do I stay focused when your heart and emotions are broken? But you have a timeline.

[02:08:15] Sue Bryce | Well, I'm gonna need more information, because, I mean, people have bad luck, but they don't have regular bad luck every week unless they're attracting it. Sometimes just being in a negative cycle means you're attracting negative bad things. You're attracting whatever you're focused on, so you're getting more of it. And it's hard to pull yourself out of the hole in order to not focus on it, but once you do, there is a short period of time where you will get space between the whole and what you're thinking, and you will stop attracting more negative. It's the hardest thing.

[02:08:54] Sue Bryce | Look, I've been broke ass, broke. Somebody told me to stop, focusing on how broke I was, so I could be rich. And I was just like, Yeah. I feel real rich right now. But then when somebody said, but if you think about how broke you are, you're attracting being more broke.

[02:09:11] Sue Bryce | I was like, I'm not gonna think about that anymore. It forced me out of my hole because I knew I was making it happen. I'm the boomerang thrower, and it's coming at my head.

[02:09:22] Audience Member | Few questions on pricing. What if everyone we talk to says that they need to wait a while before they can They

[02:09:29] Sue Bryce | don't see the value in it. Okay. When I talk about my product, I talk about everything but the product. Remember the marketing segment? We're gonna talk about we're gonna talk about this next week.

[02:09:41] Sue Bryce | I wanna get you to brand and product alignment but I needed to get you through money and fear first, because I can talk to you about brand and product alignment, but your money and fear will kick you off. So I figured if I talked about money first, and then I talk about what stops you, Now we'll talk about aligning to the product and the value. Have a look at the overarching theme of how people say no to you. And if the theme that you hear is, it's too expensive, I, you know, it's too expensive, you're talking about money. Because why would everybody say no about money, unless you're talking about money, which means you're not talking about the product or the service, or the experience, and you're not making that better than money, you're not making people want it.

[02:10:30] Sue Bryce | So either you don't value it, or you're just going straight to money and not talking about the value or being the value. Does that make sense? Tell me if you think I'm wrong, or give me more information.

[02:10:46] Audience Member | I identified that I've been in a cycle of rejection since I was a teenager. How do I begin to unravel that?

[02:10:52] Sue Bryce | Oh, addiction is a terrible thing, but you just addicted to feeling bad because somebody told you you should and never told you you should love yourself, and you could wake up tomorrow and change that. And, unfortunately, you can't. Because it's so ingrained in everything you say and do about yourself. So when your negative avoidance voice has become so strong, it's become a belief system. You have to break the belief system.

[02:11:19] Sue Bryce | You have to do the work that the deep self love work Yeah. You do. Also, just to understand this, you focus on your deficits. Like I said, the more successful I got making money and doing a business that made money, the less I focused on anything I didn't like about myself, it's still there. All my bad habits are still here.

[02:11:41] Sue Bryce | I just don't obsess about them, get stuck on them, focus on them, because I'm too busy being successful. I don't want to count my problems when I can count my money, changes the way what you're focused on. Is it really that simple? You're either focused on positive or you're focused on negative? Yeah.

[02:12:01] Sue Bryce | It really is. That simple. I identified that I've been in a cycle of Ria since its teenager. I mean, we have to make actions in order to process. Yes, you do.

[02:12:15] Sue Bryce | You do have to always make actions, for sure. I saw a comic fly pass we earned $50,000 in one in one session and blew through it. And I was like, yes, unfortunately, it doesn't matter how abundantly the money comes to to you. It does the same thing. So $5000 goes the same way.

[02:12:36] Sue Bryce | $50,000 goes the same way. It's going the same way because that's the path that you've tracked it to go. It's just how we do it. Any more questions you got for me? Otherwise, I'm looking at the chat as well.

[02:12:58] Sue Bryce | Oh, yeah. Somebody gave me these set of cups, and I took me an hour. I'm not that smart. Sometimes sometimes really obvious things. I was like, nah, I read it.

[02:13:08] Sue Bryce | I said it. I I couldn't get it. Other people just walk up and, hello, get it straight away. And I'm like,

[02:13:15] Audience Member | I think I just wanna add here just as my own testimonial because we've been working through this mirror work for so many years. And there is something about you're constantly facing your own ego and your own person and your constantly having to process your own dispositions and your own belief systems. And so there's a lot of questions today about the steps, the actionable steps, and it really is in that mirror that you talk about.

[02:13:39] Sue Bryce | Okay. So give me an but when I see, we've got to take action, give me an actual step. Like, if you want to be, like, I will be very direct. Give me the step you can't take, and I will tell you the step Because I think what happens is it's like, ah, but now we have to create actionable steps. Well, yeah, I dropped a lot of information in 80 slides, but not all 80 slides are up for you.

[02:14:07] Sue Bryce | You might only need one today. You might need 64 of them. So what action do you want me to give you? Cause I love giving next steps. And you're not trying to, you know, people always say, and I used to do this too, I said to my friend one day, I'm gonna, you know, run a marathon.

[02:14:29] Sue Bryce | And she was like, Why don't you just go for a walk? Cause if you like walking, you'll walk again tomorrow. If you like walking, you might even like jogging. Imagine if you like jogging and you wanted to do it every day, then you'd just be one day, you'd be like, I started jogging because I like it, and now I jog every day. And then you go, you know what?

[02:14:49] Sue Bryce | I'm so enjoying jogging. I'm gonna do a 5 k, and then you meet everyone at the 5 k, and they were like, oh, we're gonna do the half marathon, and you're like, oh my gosh, I could train for that. I've been running every day. Okay. I'll do a half marathon, and then you're like, I'm gonna challenge myself.

[02:15:02] Sue Bryce | I'm gonna train for a marathon. That's awesome. But that's not how we create things. Right? We wake up.

[02:15:07] Sue Bryce | We need to lose 80, so we go, I'll run a marathon. I did that. Yeah. I know. Cause I'm, I'm like, somehow, I'm just gonna abuse my body even more, for not being good enough.

[02:15:24] Sue Bryce | And I was just like, I could've just gone for a walk, you know? But it's like, I guess it's a bold statement. I'm gonna run a marathon. You might look at me and go, you know, look like you're ready to run a marathon. You might need some training, girlfriend, and I'd be like, didn't matter.

[02:15:38] Sue Bryce | It was what I was saying about myself, and that's how I did everything. Now, how you do anything is how your brand does everything. I could never just take my business for a walk. It needed to run Americans. Right?

[02:15:52] Sue Bryce | Even when I wasn't trained for it. So it was just like this stupid constant, like, level of keeping myself, like, trying to be better than my ego and trying to come back.

[02:16:02] Audience Member | What's the name of that mirror mirror book?

[02:16:04] Sue Bryce | It's there is not one. She wrote one paragraph in that book, and it's about other people having it. I've done research about it. I I started because as I started to learn more about it, I use it in everything. I use it in absolutely everything.

[02:16:21] Sue Bryce | There's been a time I've called you out with your own, like, cool, but this sounds like you're talking about you, and you and people are just like, and I am very direct about it, but I warn people. Like, they have to be talking to me about it. I just have people randomly on the sidewalk.

[02:16:38] Audience Member | At what amount do you go from a saver to an investor?

[02:16:44] Sue Bryce | Well, saving doesn't make you any money, does it? Cash is trash, but we also can't liquidate quickly. So if you need fast money, you gotta have some liquid cash. But everybody knows that no long, short term, investment in a bank is gonna give you more than what 1% if you're lucky. So inevitably, you have to you end up hoarding the savings.

[02:17:16] Sue Bryce | So you become an investor when you feel like there's something without too much risk, and everybody's different. That's the thing, but you should start investing as soon as you have one nest egg, create another one, invest that. Direction, more direction, and value you give something, more money comes to it every single day. Because look at it like this, if you bought 3 houses, because you're you're getting good inflow, and you're like, let's start buying some property. You buy 3 houses.

[02:17:48] Sue Bryce | You're now running your business paying for that business and 3 houses. And it changes the way you work when you have a different priority. Now, when you don't want those houses, that stress, when you do want them, that's investing. What's the difference? Mindset.

[02:18:08] Sue Bryce | How you feel about it? Guess what attracts focus and emotion.

[02:18:15] Audience Member | We have an action step needed.

[02:18:17] Sue Bryce | Go. Big fast can.

[02:18:19] Audience Member | I continue to put others, needs before me before I start my task How do I stop doing that and realign and focus on me first?

[02:18:27] Sue Bryce | So stop being a business owner and go back to being a full time mom. That's what you're doing.

[02:18:37] Audience Member | I don't know how to make that.

[02:18:38] Sue Bryce | Such a harsh answer. What do you want me to say? Guilfren. Feed yourself first or everyone starves. Put yourself last.

[02:18:48] Sue Bryce | You'll stay last. Cryer the ages? Like, do you know what they call the shopping? You know, all the shopping demographics and marketing talk? A young woman is what, The independent woman know that's my demographic, 30 to 50 no kids, independent woman, the young one is, I can't even remember, 50 plus is 50 plus, would you believe?

[02:19:17] Sue Bryce | The young woman is girl power, and mum, the mum shopping demographic, which is the biggest shopping demographic in the world, is family first. Her shopping her shopping criteria is a shop for family first. I am the last on the list. So if you wanna keep doing that in your business, that's what you're gonna get. If you're not 1st, can't feed everybody else.

[02:19:39] Sue Bryce | Simple.

[02:19:43] Audience Member | Very good point. If we recognize we own, you spot it. You got it. How do we best manage or transform the qualities we spot in others that we don't particularly like, but recognizing ourselves?

[02:19:54] Sue Bryce | Just don't judge them in yourself. Just come to self awareness. As soon as you release anything to self awareness, it's at acceptance, except that you do it. Because when you accept your behavior, you're like, wow, I just judged her in my mind, she said it out loud. Anyone's like, did you hear what Joe said?

[02:20:10] Sue Bryce | Yeah, but I thought it. Joe just spoke it out. And then people said, who says that? And they go, who thinks that? Most of us in this room.

[02:20:20] Sue Bryce | But Joe said it. So it's her fault, but the truth is is I'm thinking it. You gotta get away. You've gotta identify. I'm like, oh, wow.

[02:20:29] Sue Bryce | I do that. Oh, yeah. I do that. Oh, yeah. I do that.

[02:20:32] Sue Bryce | Mhmm.

[02:20:33] Audience Member | I don't know how to make the ask of, do you want to buy my product? I know you said share don't sell, but I've also heard you say make the request. I feel awkward making the request. How do you send an email sharing and making the request?

[02:20:48] Sue Bryce | So for starters, I'm just assuming it's a photographer. Probably. I'm just gonna assume. So there's multiple different ways, but but getting people to a yes or no really comes down to your booking system, because the 3 most important systems are your booking system, your sales system, and your, basically, your referral system, which is your list. The first thing you need to do is when you are ready to book these other dates, boom.

[02:21:14] Sue Bryce | Then they have to make a choice. When would you like to do that? Well, I, oh, well, can I give you a call? Okay. They're avoiding it, but mostly when you say when would you like to do that?

[02:21:29] Sue Bryce | They go next month. You're like, cool. Opens calendar Tuesday. That's where you have a booking system. A booking system allows you to take an actionable physical step that keeps money and work in a momentum in your business.

[02:21:43] Sue Bryce | That's what all your systems are. So from here, you can go, this is what I do when you're ready to take the next step, you can go here, and they might go to a sales page, or they might go to a personal consultation, they might go to a phone call with you, but if it's just going out on email, they're not gonna say yes, because you're not asking them, you just sending an email, and that's avoiding asking somebody if they want to do this. The best way is to get your client on the phone, tell them all about what you do to a point where they are sitting there going, not only do I want to do this, it's how much? Yes. I'm saying yes to this, I can't believe I'm spending this money, but I'm so excited.

[02:22:23] Sue Bryce | That's when you've talked about the experience more than you've talked about the money.

[02:22:34] Audience Member | When I'm questioned on why I did or didn't do something, I instantly changed it to was I wrong. I do not know how to not turn the question as an attack against me. It's all old programming, but I do it without even realizing it.

[02:22:47] Sue Bryce | You know, everyone does. We're all egocentric like that. But the thing is when you learn about mirror work, you stop being me centric, and you realize that even in taking the blame is people pleasing. And people pleases, their biggest fear is not being liked. And, you know, so often, we may just stop making it about you.

[02:23:13] Sue Bryce | And then hold up and look in the mirror at yourself. Do you see what I'm saying? Stop looking at. It's all about me, and hold up a mirror and say, Oh, it is really all about me. Okay.

[02:23:26] Sue Bryce | That's why there, it's it's true. Look, I'm over time, I have talked a lot, and I'm sorry for going so late, because I just had so much in this. Now, this is work that everyone can avoid. Men are more emotionally compartmentalized than women. Means when you have a difficult emotion, you can put it in a lockbox, shut the door, and never go back to it.

[02:23:51] Sue Bryce | Nobody can ever go and open that box. For you. You have compartmentalized it. Women do not compartmentalize their brain this way. Emotion stays, and that's why we are more emotionally volatile and accessible.

[02:24:06] Sue Bryce | Most women set the mood of their house. Because they're the emotional ones. But so many men shut down their emotions and compartmentalize them so they don't feel anything, and you could listen to this whole session and not feel a thing from it. But for the and the women who are emotionally shut down, because I know there are women that are also like that, not compartmentalized, just numb. I want you to just think about how do I feel about myself?

[02:24:34] Sue Bryce | How do I what do I believe about myself? What am I creating for myself? Why can't I put myself out there? What is stopping me from believing in myself? And every answer you need is in this session?

[02:24:45] Sue Bryce | I want you to be able to go back what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna stop right now, because I can see there's so many questions, and I'm gonna set up that private text so that you can text me the questions. I would give you my email, but I don't want life stories, because otherwise I get 200 life stories, and I hit, and they're like eighteen pages, And I was like, no, bring me back to the questions. Every time you guys ask me a really direct question, you teach me more about what you need. When I talk about, money, nobody asks any questions, but I bet you if you had text me, you would. Okay?

[02:25:19] Sue Bryce | So I'm gonna get these questions to you so that you can reach out. And I'll bring you back to product and brand alignment next week, but I need you to know the answer to everything I've ever wanted was in the last 2 hours. I learned how to master my mind. Not my emotions. I mastered my mind.

[02:25:40] Sue Bryce | I know who I am. I've done that work. I know what I want. I set a goal for it, and then every time, every morning, I realign with who I am, what I want, and what the goal is. I'm challenged weekly, daily about value or money, and I'm constantly reminded I came from a place of no money and no value.

[02:26:02] Sue Bryce | Sometimes people hurt me because they came from a place of no value and no money. And initially, what they say will hurt me, and I'll be like, and then I'll be like, this is not who you are right now. This is not who you are anymore. You will not be able to grow this brand until you get out of your emotional self until you start to see yourself as valuable. And then everything you start saying is valuable instead of being needy, but whatever you're stuck in in this focus and emotion is what you're manifesting.

[02:26:34] Sue Bryce | So if you're in competition, I'm telling you right now, you can't take a step forward. We dig out the money, we dig out all of our self beliefs that are incorrect, and we set new parts to money, and you are not becoming somebody new. This is not a shift in identity. The other person is dying. I've heard every dramatic analogy to change.

[02:27:00] Sue Bryce | This is not what you're doing. You're not becoming someone new. You're just becoming more of who you really are, who you don't speak up inside, you let people treat you like shit, you let people talk badly to you, you don't treat yourself better, and you wonder why people don't. If people don't respect you, you don't respect If people don't value you, you don't value you. If you want to try and prove me otherwise, prove it to me otherwise, I proved it in the reverse.

[02:27:26] Sue Bryce | Nobody respected me or valued me until I did. And once I did, everybody did, and then I was like, what? That's not fair. But it is. That's how it works.

[02:27:40] Sue Bryce | So if I was the one that thought I was important enough to me on YouTube, and then I got an audience, because they said, I saw you on that platform, and now I'm here I chose that, and you can too. So you're important enough to be a boss, you're certainly important enough to be rich, you're important enough to be successful, you're important enough to be the face of your video, and you're important enough to be the name on the door, and your own 401 k, and your own investment, you are able, capable to do all of it. So stop telling me what you can't do, and start telling me what you're smashing through because these are the steps. You smash through those. You're winning.

[02:28:17] Sue Bryce | Until you smash through those, you won't win. There's no other way. That simple. Okay. And then I'll send the number out.

[02:28:26] Sue Bryce | There are 191 people in the group. We've got 400 personal brands doing this workshop. I would love four hundred people in the group. Doesn't matter if there's not, because I'm gonna get you the text so that you can message me so that at least I can see what you need, because it's very, very important that I get the feedback because your questions are more important to me than anything. You teach me more than what you what you even know and intuitively, it just opens my mind to just, like, just more content.

[02:28:58] Sue Bryce | It's like, I always say this. I am given everything that I speak, just like you're given everything you create to. And sometimes it goes through me. And I think, wow, I didn't even know where a lot of that came from. Like, was that memory?

[02:29:17] Sue Bryce | Was it is it channel? Does it, like, what is it? And I just sort of hear it come through me, but I know one truth, the second it's out of me, what I feel from you when you get that information, then it gives me the next download. It's like they keep pouring the the solutions and the answers, so it's that's why I need to when I develop content, I write content. This is the first time I've done this workshop.

[02:29:46] Sue Bryce | This is not the workshop yet. It's not the workshop until I activate you and when I activate you okay. I get frustrated. I want you all just to wake up and start valuing yourselves tomorrow. I want you to wake up and start seeing it.

[02:30:03] Sue Bryce | I I get so annoyed. I'm like, why can't they just see? And the stupid things you focus focus on, and the stupid things you waste your energy on, like your body size and your age, who cares Like, you just waste your time thinking about all these things that stop you, and and so go back to this if actually this is what I should have finished on. No, this one. No.

[02:30:29] Sue Bryce | Don't look for filling either. Ah. This one, somewhere in here. Damn it. I lost it.

[02:30:40] Sue Bryce | Okay. It was the bit that said I was obsessing about myself. Instead of I was obsessing about whether I was good enough, instead of just making good in the world. I would wake up every day and go, my body's not good enough. My age is not good enough.

[02:30:56] Sue Bryce | My voice is not good enough. My business is not good enough, you know, and I just go through all the thing, and and I was all up in my, you know, eating problems and and spending problems instead of just making good in my life. And this whole time, I never felt good enough, but really I wasn't making anything good. I wasn't doing anything good for me. I wasn't doing anything good in my business.

[02:31:19] Sue Bryce | I wasn't doing anything good for my body, so of course I hated everything. I wasn't doing anything good with it. So instead of being not good enough, go and make good now. Go and make good. And I'll get you a text.

[02:31:34] Sue Bryce | Thank you so much for a long session.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Coaching Week 2 ====
